ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 

 Almost all of FREIT’s income and cash flow
are derived from the net rental income (revenues after expenses) from our properties. FREIT’s business and financial results are
affected by the following fundamental factors: 

 ● public health crises, epidemics and pandemics; 

 ● the national and regional economic climate; 

 ● occupancy rates at the properties; 

 ● tenant turnover rates; 

 ● rental rates; 

 ● operating expenses; 

 ● tenant improvement and leasing costs; 

 ● cost of and availability of capital; 

 ● failure of banking institutions; 

 ● failure of insurance carriers; 

 ● new acquisitions and development projects; 

 ● cybersecurity breaches; and 

 ● changes in governmental regulations, real estate
tax rates and similar matters. 

 A negative or adverse quality change in the above
factors could potentially cause a detrimental effect on FREIT’s revenue, earnings and cash flow. If rental revenues decline, we
would expect to have less cash available to pay our indebtedness and distribute to our stockholders. 

 Adverse impact resulting from the public
health crises, epidemics and pandemics: FREIT is subject to risks related to the effects of public health crises, epidemics and
pandemics, including COVID-19. Such events could inhibit global, national and local economic activity; constrain our access to capital
and other sources of funding, which could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings or refinancings; adversely
affect our residential tenants’ financial condition due to a sustained loss of income, which could affect their ability to pay rent;
adversely affect our commercial tenants’ financial condition by limiting foot traffic and staffing at their businesses, which could
affect their ability to pay rent and willingness to make new leasing commitments; reduce our cash flow, which could impact our ability
to pay dividends or to service our debt; temporarily or permanently reduce the demand for retail space; reduce the value of our real estate
assets, which may result in material non-cash impairment charges in future periods; and have other direct and indirect effects that are
difficult to predict. Such risks depend upon the nature and severity of the public health concern, as well as the extent and duration
of government-mandated orders and personal decisions to limit travel, economic activity and personal interaction, none of which can be
predicted with confidence. 

 Adverse Changes in General Economic Climate :
FREIT derives the majority of its revenues from renting apartments to individuals or families, and from retailers renting space at its
shopping centers. Over the past several years, there have been many factors aiding in economic growth in the United States such as: (a)
improvement in the housing market; (b) increased consumer confidence to push spending modestly higher; (c) improvements in private sector
employment; and (d) improved credit availability. However, there have been many factors impacting long-term economic growth, including,
without limitation: (i) continued political gridlock in the federal government; (ii) regulatory uncertainties; (iii) continued infrastructure
deterioration; (iv) increasing concerns regarding terrorism; (v) rising healthcare costs; (vi) the impact of trade policies and tariffs;
and (vii) rising energy, wages and consumer prices which previously resulted in an increase in inflation along with an increase in interest
rates. 

 FREIT receives a substantial portion of its operating
income as rent under long-term leases with commercial tenants. At any time, any of our commercial tenants could experience a downturn
in its business that might weaken its financial condition. These tenants might defer or fail to make rental payments when due, delay lease
commencement, voluntarily vacate the premises or declare bankruptcy, which could result in the termination of the tenant’s lease,
and could result in material losses to us and harm to our results of operations. Also, it might take time to terminate leases of underperforming
or nonperforming tenants and FREIT might incur costs to remove such tenants. In addition, if tenants are unable to comply with the terms
of their leases, FREIT might modify lease terms in ways that are less favorable to FREIT. 

 Tenants unable to pay rent: Financially
distressed tenants may be unable to pay rents and expense recovery charges, where applicable, and may default on their leases. Enforcing
FREIT’s rights as landlord could result in substantial costs and may not result in a full recovery of unpaid rent. If a tenant files
for bankruptcy, the tenant’s lease may be terminated. In each such instance FREIT’s income and cash flow would be negatively
impacted. 

 Costs of re-renting space : If tenants
fail to renew leases, fail to exercise renewal options, or terminate their leases early, the lost rents due to vacancy and the costs of
re-renting the space could prove costly to FREIT. In addition to cleaning and renovating the vacated space, we may be required to grant
concessions to a new tenant, and may incur leasing brokerage commissions. The lease terms to a new tenant may be less favorable than the
prior tenant’s lease terms, and will negatively impact FREIT’s income and cash flow and adversely affect FREIT’s ability
to pay mortgage debt and interest or make distributions to its stockholders. 

 11 

 Inflation may adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations: Increased inflation could have a pronounced negative impact on FREIT’s operating and
administrative expenses, as these costs may increase at a higher rate than FREIT’s rents. While increases in most operating expenses
at FREIT’s commercial properties can be passed on to retail tenants, increases in expenses at its residential properties cannot
be passed on to residential tenants. Unreimbursed increased operating expenses may reduce cash flow available for payment of mortgage
debt and interest and for distributions to stockholders. 

 Development and construction risks :
 From time to time, FREIT engages in the development and construction of property. Development and construction activities are challenged
with the following risks, which may adversely affect FREIT’s cash flow: 

 ● financing may not be available in the amounts
FREIT seeks, or may not be on favorable terms; 

 ● long-term financing may not be available upon
completion of the construction; 

 ● failure to complete construction on schedule
or within budget may increase debt service costs and construction costs; and 

 ● abandoned project costs could result in an impairment
loss. 

 Debt financing could adversely affect income
and cash flow: FREIT relies on debt financing to fund its operations and development activities. To the extent third party debt
financing is not available on acceptable terms, FREIT’s operations and development and construction activities will be adversely
affected. 

 As of October 31, 2025, FREIT had approximately
$121.3 million of non-recourse fixed interest rate mortgage debt, and no non-recourse variable interest rate mortgage debt. These mortgages
are being repaid over periods (amortization schedules) that are longer than the terms of the mortgages. Accordingly, when the mortgages
become due (at various times), significant balloon payments (the unpaid principal amounts) will be required. FREIT expects to refinance
the individual mortgages with new mortgages or exercise extension options available to FREIT or its subsidiaries when their terms expire.
To this extent, FREIT has exposure to capital availability and interest rate risk. If interest rates, at the time any individual mortgage
note is due, are higher than the current fixed interest rate, higher debt service may be required and/or refinancing proceeds may be less
than the amount of the mortgage debt being retired. To the extent FREIT is unable to refinance its indebtedness on acceptable terms, FREIT
might need to dispose of one or more of its properties upon disadvantageous terms. 

 FREIT’s revolving $13 million credit line
(of which $13 million was available as of October 31, 2025), and several of its loan agreements require FREIT or its subsidiaries to meet
or maintain certain financial covenants that could restrict FREIT’s acquisition activities and result in a default on these loans
if FREIT fails to satisfy these covenants. (See Note 5 to FREIT’s consolidated financial statements.) 

 Failure of banking and financing institutions: 
Banking and financing institutions such as insurance companies provide FREIT with credit lines and construction financing. The credit
lines available to FREIT may be used for a variety of business purposes, including general corporate purposes, acquisitions, construction,
and letters of credit. Construction financing enables FREIT to develop new properties, or renovate or expand existing properties. A failure
of the banking institution making credit lines available may render the line unavailable and adversely affect FREIT’s liquidity,
and negatively impact FREIT’s operations in a number of ways. A failure of a financial institution unable to fund its construction
financing obligations to FREIT may cause the construction to halt or be delayed. Substitute financing may be significantly more expensive,
and construction delays may subject FREIT to delivery penalties. 

 Failure of insurance carriers: FREIT’s
properties are insured against unforeseen liability claims, property damages, and other hazards. The insurance companies FREIT uses have
good ratings at the time the policies are put into effect. Substantially all of FREIT’s insurance coverage is provided by one carrier.
Financial failure of FREIT’s carriers may result in their inability to pay current and future claims. This inability to pay claims
may have an adverse impact on FREIT’s financial condition. In addition, a failure of a FREIT insurance carrier may cause FREIT’s
insurance renewal or replacement policy costs to increase. 

 Real estate is a competitive business: 
FREIT is subject to normal competition with other investors to acquire real property and profitably manage such property. Numerous other
REITs, banks, insurance companies and pension funds, as well as corporate and individual developers and owners of real estate, compete
with FREIT in seeking properties for acquisition and for tenants. Many of these competitors have significantly greater financial resources
than FREIT. In addition, retailers at FREIT's commercial properties face increasing competition from online shopping, outlet malls and
discount shopping clubs. In many markets, the trade areas of FREIT's commercial properties overlap with the trade areas of other shopping
centers. Renovations and expansions at those competing shopping centers and malls could negatively affect FREIT's commercial properties
by encouraging shoppers to make their purchases at such new, expanded or renovated shopping centers and malls. Increased competition through
these various sources could adversely affect the viability of FREIT's tenants, and any new commercial real estate competition developed
in the future could potentially have an adverse effect on the revenues of and earnings from FREIT's commercial properties. 

 FREIT also faces competition with respect to its
residential properties based on a variety of factors, including perception by residential tenants of the safety, convenience and attractiveness
of an apartment building or complex; the proximity and the number of competing apartment complexes; the proximity of commercial shopping
centers; the availability of recreational and 

 12 

 other amenities and the willingness and ability of the owner to provide capable management
and adequate maintenance. Certain of these factors, such as the availability of amenities in the area surrounding a residential property,
are not within FREIT’s control. 

 Illiquidity of real estate investment: 
Real estate investments are relatively difficult to buy and sell quickly. Accordingly, the ability of FREIT to diversify its portfolio
in response to changing economic, market or other conditions is limited. Also, FREIT’s interests in its partially owned subsidiaries
are subject to transfer constraints imposed under the operating agreements that govern FREIT’s investment in these partially owned
subsidiaries. 

 Environmental problems may be costly: 
Both federal and state governments are concerned with the impact of real estate construction and development programs upon the environment.
Environmental legislation affects the cost of selling real estate, the cost to develop real estate, and the risks associated with purchasing
real estate. 

 Under various federal, state and local environmental
laws, statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations, an owner of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of
certain hazardous or toxic substances at, on, in or under such property, as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous
or toxic substances (including government fines and penalties and damages for injuries to persons and adjacent property). Such laws often
impose such liability without regard to whether the owners knew of, or were responsible for, the presence or disposal of such substances.
Such liability may be imposed on the owner in connection with the activities of any operator of, or tenant at the property. The cost of
any required remediation, removal, fines or personal injury or property damages and the property owner's liability for same could exceed
the value of the property and/or the aggregate assets of the owner. In addition, the presence of such substances, or the failure to properly
dispose of or remediate such substances, may adversely affect the owner's ability to sell or rent such property or to borrow using such
property as collateral. If FREIT incurred any such liability, it could reduce FREIT's revenues and ability to make distributions to its
stockholders. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2019, FREIT conducted environmental audits for all of its properties. The environmental
reports secured by FREIT have not revealed any environmental conditions on its properties which require any further remediation pursuant
to any applicable federal or state law or regulations. 

 A property can also be negatively impacted by
either physical contamination or by virtue of an adverse effect upon value attributable to the migration of hazardous or toxic substances,
or other contaminants that have or may have emanated from other properties. 

 Qualification as a REIT: Since its
inception in 1961, FREIT has elected to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, and will continue to operate in such a manner
as to qualify as a REIT. In order to qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code. Governmental legislation, new regulations, and administrative interpretations may significantly change the tax laws with
respect to the requirements for qualification as a REIT, or the federal income tax consequences of qualifying as a REIT. Although FREIT
intends to continue to operate in a manner to allow it to qualify as a REIT, future economic, market, legal, tax or other considerations
may cause it to revoke the REIT election or fail to qualify as a REIT. Such a revocation would subject FREIT’s income to federal
income tax at regular corporate rates, and failure to qualify as a REIT would eliminate the requirement that FREIT pay dividends to its
stockholders. 

 Change of investment and operating policies: 
FREIT’s investment and operating policies, including indebtedness and dividends, are exclusively determined by the Board, and not
subject to stockholder approval. 

 Cybersecurity Risks : Our
business operations rely heavily on digital technologies and information systems which are maintained by our external manager, Hekemian
& Co., Inc. (“Hekemian & Co.”), and which are essential for our day-to-day activities and strategic initiatives. We
are exposed to various cybersecurity risks, including but not limited to: 

 ● Data Breaches and Unauthorized Access: We collect,
process, and store significant amounts of sensitive data, including Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of our tenants and employees.
Unauthorized access to our systems could result in data breaches, leading to potential financial losses, reputational damage, and legal
liabilities. 

 ● Cyber Attacks and Malware: We face the risk of
cyber attacks, including phishing, ransomware, and other forms of malware, which could disrupt Hekemian & Co.’s operations,
compromise our data integrity, and result in significant remediation costs. 

 ● Third-Party Vulnerabilities: Hekemian & Co.
relies on third-party vendors and service providers for various aspects of its operations. These third parties may also be vulnerable
to cyber threats, which could indirectly affect our business if their systems are compromised. 

 ● Regulatory Compliance: We are subject to various
laws and regulations regarding data protection and cybersecurity. Non-compliance with these regulations could result in substantial fines,
penalties, and legal actions. 

 To mitigate these risks within the ever changing
IT environment, Hekemian & Co. has implemented cybersecurity policies that include regular risk assessments, advanced security technologies,
continuous monitoring and incident response plans. Despite these measures, we cannot guarantee that these efforts will be completely effective
in preventing cyber incidents. Any significant cybersecurity event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

 13