ITEM 1 
 BUSINESS 

 (a) 
 General Business 

 First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey
was organized on November 1, 1961 as a New Jersey Business Trust. On July 1, 2021, First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey completed
the change of its form of organization from a New Jersey real estate investment trust (“REIT”) to a Maryland corporation (the
“Reincorporation”) which was approved by its stockholders at the annual meeting of stockholders held on May 6, 2021. The Reincorporation
changed the law applicable to First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey’s affairs from New Jersey law to Maryland law and
was accomplished by the merger of First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey with and into its wholly owned subsidiary, First Real
Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey, Inc. (“FREIT”, “Trust”, “us”, “we”, “our”
or the “Company”), a Maryland corporation. As a result of the Reincorporation, the separate existence of First Real Estate
Investment Trust of New Jersey has ceased and FREIT has succeeded to all the business, properties, assets and liabilities of First Real
Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey. Holders of shares of beneficial interest in First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey have
received one newly issued share of common stock of FREIT for each share of First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey that they
own, without any action of stockholders required and all treasury stock held by First Real Estate Investment Trust of New Jersey was retired. 

 FREIT is organized and will continue to operate
in such a manner as to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and its stock is traded on
the over-the counter market under the trading symbol FREVS. FREIT acquires, develops, constructs and holds real estate properties for
long-term investment and not for resale. FREIT’s long-range investment policy is to review and evaluate potential real estate investment
opportunities for acquisition that it believes will (i) complement its existing investment portfolio, (ii) generate increased income and
distributions to its stockholders, and (iii) increase the overall value of FREIT’s portfolio. FREIT’s investments may take
the form of wholly-owned fee interests, or if the circumstances warrant diversification of risk, ownership on a joint venture basis or
as tenants-in-common with other parties, including employees and affiliates of Hekemian & Co., Inc. (“Hekemian & Co.”),
FREIT’s managing agent (See “Management Agreement”). While our general investment policy is to hold and maintain properties
for the long-term, we may, from time-to-time, sell or trade certain properties in order to (i) obtain capital to be used to purchase,
develop or renovate other properties which we believe will provide a higher rate of return and increase the value of our investment portfolio,
and (ii) divest properties which we have determined or determine are no longer compatible with our growth strategies and investment objectives
for our real estate portfolio. 

 FREIT Website: All of FREIT’s Securities
and Exchange Commission filings for the past three years are available free of charge on FREIT’s website, which can be accessed
at http://www.freitnj.com. 

 Fiscal Year 2025 Developments 

 (i) 
 FINANCINGS 

 (a) On October 31, 2023, FREIT exercised its right, pursuant to the loan agreement, to extend the term of
its loan secured by the Westwood Plaza shopping center located in Westwood, New Jersey for one additional year from an initial maturity
date of February 1, 2024 to a new maturity date of February 1, 2025. The outstanding balance of this loan as of February 1, 2024 was approximately
$16,458,000, payable based on monthly installments of principal and interest of approximately $166,727, and bearing interest at a fixed
rate of 8.5%. Additionally, FREIT funded the interest reserve escrow account for this loan (“Escrow”) with an additional $112,556,
increasing the Escrow balance to $2,000,722, 

 4 

 which represented the annualized principal and interest payments for one (1) year under this
loan extension. Effective February 1, 2025, Valley National Bank extended this loan for 90 days from a maturity date of February 1, 2025
to a maturity date of May 1, 2025 under the same terms and conditions of the existing loan agreement. 

 Effective May 1, 2025, FREIT entered
into a loan extension and modification agreement with Valley National Bank and paid down this loan by approximately $5.7 million (including
deferred interest of approximately $0.2 million) bringing the loan balance to $10 million. Under the terms and conditions of this loan
extension and modification, the maturity date of this loan is extended for one year to May 1, 2026, the interest rate on the outstanding
debt is based on a fixed interest rate of 8.5% and monthly installments of principal and interest of approximately $107,978 are required.
The pay down of this loan will result in annual debt service savings of approximately $705,000. Additionally, the Escrow balance was reduced
from $2,000,722 to $1,295,739 resulting in a refund to FREIT of $704,983. This Escrow is held at Valley National Bank and in the event
of a default on this loan, the bank shall be permitted to use the proceeds from the Escrow to make monthly debt service payments on the
loan. (See Note 5 to FREIT’s consolidated financial statements for further details.) 

 (b) On December 15, 2024, the mortgage secured by an apartment building located in Middletown, New York and
the corresponding interest rate swap contract on its underlying loan came due with no settlement of the swap contract due at maturity.
Effective December 15, 2024, FREIT Regency, LLC entered into a loan extension and modification agreement with the lender of this loan,
Provident Bank, with a then outstanding loan balance of approximately $13.9 million. Under the terms and conditions of this loan extension
and modification, the maturity date of this loan is extended for three years to December 15, 2027, the interest rate on the outstanding
debt is based on a fixed interest rate of 6.05% and monthly installments of principal and interest of approximately $84,521 are required.
(See Note 5 to FREIT’s consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

 (c) On August 1, 2025, the mortgage in the amount of $25,000,000, secured by
the Preakness Shopping Center located in Wayne, New Jersey, reached its maturity date. Wayne PSC, LLC is working with the current lender,
ConnectOne Bank, on a potential modification and extension of the loan. ConnectOne Bank has issued several extensions of the loan’s
maturity date while discussions are ongoing, with each extension made under the same
terms and conditions of the existing loan agreement. Wayne PSC, LLC continues to evaluate all options for refinancing or replacing the
loan. Management expects this loan to be further extended, however, until such time as a definitive agreement providing for a modification,
extension or replacement of this loan is entered into, there can be no assurance that such an agreement will be reached. (See Note 5 to
FREIT’s consolidated financial statements for additional details.) 

 (b) 
 Financial Information about Segments 

 FREIT has determined that it has two reportable
segments: commercial properties and residential properties. These reportable segments offer different types of space, have different types
of tenants and are managed separately because each requires different operating strategies and management expertise. Segment information
for the three years ended October 31, 2025 is included in Note 13 “Segment Information” to FREIT’s consolidated financial
statements. 

 (c) 
 Narrative Description of Business 

 FREIT was founded and organized for the principal
purpose of acquiring, developing, and owning a portfolio of diverse income producing real estate properties. FREIT’s developed properties
include residential apartment communities and commercial properties that consist of multi and single tenanted properties. Our properties
are located in New Jersey and New York. We also currently own approximately 7.37 acres of unimproved land in New Jersey. See Item 2
“Properties - Portfolio of Investments.” 

 FREIT elected to be taxed as a REIT under the
Internal Revenue Code. FREIT operates in such a manner as to qualify for taxation as a REIT in order to take advantage of certain favorable
tax aspects of the REIT structure. Generally, a REIT will not be subject to federal income taxes on that portion of its ordinary income
or capital gain that is currently distributed to its equity holders. 

 As an equity REIT, we have generally acquired
interests in income producing properties to be held as long-term investments. FREIT’s return on such investments is based on the
income generated by such properties mainly in the form of rents. 

 From time to time, FREIT has sold, and may sell
again in the future, certain of its properties in order to (i) obtain capital used or to be used to purchase, develop or renovate other
properties which we believe will provide a higher rate of return and increase the value of our investment portfolio, and (ii) divest properties
which FREIT has determined or determines are no longer compatible with our growth strategies and investment objectives for our real estate
portfolio. FREIT seeks to maximize stockholder value through strategic asset management and divestitures. In that regard, FREIT actively
evaluates credible acquisition proposals for its properties and explores all viable strategies. 

 We
do not hold any patents, registered trademarks, or licenses. 

 5 

 Portfolio of Real Estate Investments 

 At October 31, 2025, FREIT’s real estate
holdings included (i) six (6) multi-family apartment buildings or complexes containing a total of 792 apartment units, (ii) a 65% tenancy-in-common
undivided interest in the Pierre Towers property (See Item 1 “Investment in tenancy in common” of this Annual Report
for additional details), (iii) five (5) commercial properties containing a total of approximately 589,000 square feet of leasable space,
including one (1) one-acre parcel subject to a ground lease and (iv) three (3) parcels of undeveloped land consisting of approximately
7.37 acres in total. FREIT and its subsidiaries own all such properties in fee simple. See Item 2 “Properties - Portfolio
of Investments” of this Annual Report for a description of FREIT’s separate investment properties and certain other pertinent
information with respect to such properties that is relevant to FREIT’s business. 

 Investment in Subsidiaries 

 The consolidated financial statements (See Note
1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K) include the accounts of the following subsidiaries of FREIT: 

 Westwood Hills, LLC (“Westwood Hills”):
FREIT owns a 40% membership interest in Westwood Hills, which owns and operates a 210-unit residential apartment complex located in Westwood,
New Jersey. 

 Wayne PSC, LLC (“Wayne PSC”): FREIT
owns a 40% membership interest in Wayne PSC, which owns a 322,000 square foot shopping center located in Wayne, New Jersey. 

 FREIT Regency, LLC: FREIT owns a 100% membership
interest in FREIT Regency, LLC, which owns a 132-unit residential apartment complex located in Middletown, New York. 

 Station Place on Monmouth, LLC: FREIT owns a 100%
membership interest in Station Place on Monmouth, LLC, which owns a 45-unit residential apartment complex located in Red Bank, New Jersey. 

 Berdan Court, LLC: FREIT owns a 100% membership
interest in Berdan Court, LLC, which owns a 176-unit residential apartment complex located in Wayne, New Jersey. 

 Grande Rotunda, LLC (“Grande Rotunda”):
FREIT owns a 60% membership interest in Grande Rotunda, which owned the Rotunda Property sold in December 2021. 

 Investment in tenancy-in-common 

 On February 28, 2020, FREIT reorganized its subsidiary
S and A Commercial Associates Limited Partnership (“S&A”) from a partnership into a tenancy-in-common form of ownership
(“TIC”). Prior to this reorganization, FREIT owned a 65% membership interest in S&A, which owned 100% of the Pierre Towers
property located in Hackensack, New Jersey through its 100% interest in Pierre Towers, LLC. Pursuant to the TIC agreement, FREIT ultimately
acquired a 65% undivided interest in the Pierre Towers property, a 266-unit residential apartment complex in Hackensack, New Jersey (which
was formerly owned by S&A). (See Note 3 to FREIT’s consolidated financial statements for further details.) 

 Employees 

 On October 31, 2 025,
there were nineteen (19) full-time employees and three (3) part-time employees who work solely at the properties owned by FREIT and its
subsidiaries (including the Pierre TIC). The number of part-time employees varies seasonally. 

 Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., Chief Executive Officer
and President, Ronald J. Artinian, Chairman of the Board, Allan Tubin, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer, and John A. Aiello, Esq.,
Secretary, are the executive officers of FREIT. FREIT does not retain the services of its executive officers on an exclusive basis, and
accordingly FREIT’s executive officers are permitted to engage in other business activities as all of their business activities
are not devoted to FREIT. Please see “ Item 10 – Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance ,” for
additional information about FREIT’s executive officers. Hekemian & Co. has been retained by FREIT to manage FREIT’s properties
and is responsible for recruiting, on behalf of FREIT, the personnel required to perform all services related to the operation of FREIT’s
properties. See “Management Agreement” below. 

 Management Agreement 

 On April 10, 2002, FREIT and Hekemian & Co.
executed a Management Agreement whereby Hekemian & Co. would continue as managing agent for FREIT. The Management Agreement automatically
renews for successive periods of two years unless either party gives not less than six (6) months prior notice to the other of non-renewal.
The term of the Management Agreement was renewed for a two-year term, which will expire on October 31, 2027. Hekemian & Co. currently
manages all the properties owned by FREIT and its affiliates. However, FREIT may retain other managing agents to manage properties acquired
after April 10, 2002 and to perform various other duties such as sales, acquisitions, and development with respect to any or all properties.
Hekemian & Co. does not serve as the exclusive property acquisition advisor to FREIT and is not required to offer potential acquisition
properties exclusively to FREIT before acquiring those properties for its own account. The Management Agreement includes a detailed schedule
of fees for those services, which Hekemian & Co. may be called upon to perform. The Management Agreement provides for a termination
fee (“Termination Fee”) in the event of a termination by FREIT without 

 6 

 cause and a termination fee of 2.5 times the Termination
Fee if the Management Agreement terminates following a merger or acquisition of FREIT. 

 Pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement,
FREIT pays Hekemian & Co. fees and commissions as compensation for its services. From time to time, FREIT engages Hekemian &
Co., or certain affiliates of Hekemian & Co., to provide additional services, such as consulting services related to development,
property sales and financing activities of FREIT. Separate fee arrangements are negotiated between Hekemian & Co. and FREIT with
respect to such additional services. Employees of Hekemian & Co. own an interest in certain FREIT properties. (See Note 8 to FREIT’s
consolidated financial statements.) 

 Robert S. Hekemian, Jr., Chief Executive Officer,
President and a Director of FREIT, is the Chief Executive Officer of Hekemian & Co., and owns approximately 33.3% of all of the issued
and outstanding shares of Hekemian & Co. David Hekemian, a Director of FREIT, is the President of Hekemian & Co., and owns approximately
33.3% of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Hekemian & Co. Allan Tubin, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of FREIT, is
the Chief Financial Officer of Hekemian & Co. 

 Real Estate Financing 

 FREIT funds acquisition opportunities and the
development of its real estate properties largely through debt financing, including mortgage loans collateralized by certain of its properties.
At October 31, 2025, FREIT’s aggregate outstanding mortgage debt was $121.3 million, which bears a weighted average interest rate
of 5.34% and an average life of 1.6 years. See the tables in Item 2, “Properties - Portfolio of Investments” for the
outstanding mortgage balances at October 31, 2025 with respect to each of these properties. 

 FREIT is highly leveraged and will continue to
be for the foreseeable future. This level of indebtedness results in increased debt service requirements that could adversely affect
the financial condition and results of operations of FREIT. A number of FREIT’s mortgage loans are amortized over a period that
is longer than the terms of such loans; thereby requiring balloon payments at the expiration of the terms of such loans. FREIT has not
established a cash reserve sinking fund with respect to such obligations and at this time does not expect to have sufficient funds from
operations to make such balloon payments when due under the terms of such loans. FREIT and its subsidiaries expect to extend or refinance
such mortgage loans as they become due . See “Liquidity and Capital Resources” under Item 7. 

 FREIT is subject to the normal risks
associated with debt financing, including the risk that FREIT’s cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments of
principal and interest; the risk that indebtedness on its properties will not be able to be renewed, repaid or refinanced when due;
or that the terms of any renewal or refinancing will not be as favorable as the terms of the indebtedness being replaced. If FREIT
were unable to refinance its indebtedness on acceptable terms, or at all, FREIT might be forced to dispose of one or more of
its properties on disadvantageous terms which might result in losses to FREIT. These losses could have a material adverse effect on
FREIT and its ability to make distributions to stockholders and to pay amounts due on its debt. If a property is mortgaged to secure
payment of indebtedness and FREIT is unable to meet mortgage payments, the mortgagee could foreclose upon the property, appoint a
receiver and receive an assignment of rents and leases or pursue other remedies, all with a consequent loss of revenues and asset
value to FREIT. Further, payment obligations on FREIT’s mortgage loans will not be reduced if there is a decline in the
economic performance of any of FREIT’s properties. If any such decline in economic performance occurs, FREIT’s revenues,
earnings, and funds available for distribution to stockholders would be adversely affected. 

 Neither FREIT’s Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation, as amended, nor any policy statement formally adopted by the Board limits either the total amount of indebtedness or
the specified percentage of indebtedness (based on the total capitalization of FREIT), which may be incurred by FREIT. Accordingly, FREIT
may incur additional secured or unsecured indebtedness in the future in furtherance of its business activities, including, if or when
necessary, to refinance its existing debt. Future debt incurred by FREIT could bear interest at rates, which are higher than the rates
on FREIT’s existing debt. Future debt incurred by FREIT could also bear interest at a variable rate. Increases in interest rates
would increase FREIT’s variable interest costs (to the extent that the related indebtedness was not protected by interest rate protection
arrangements), which could have a material adverse effect on FREIT and its ability to make distributions to stockholders and to pay amounts
due on its debt or cause FREIT to be in default under its debt. Further, in the future, FREIT may not be able to, or may determine that
it is not able to, obtain financing for property acquisitions or for capital expenditures to develop or improve its properties on terms,
which are acceptable to FREIT. In such event, FREIT might elect to defer certain projects unless alternative sources of capital were available,
such as through an equity or debt offering by FREIT. 

 Competitive Conditions 

 FREIT is subject to normal competition with other
investors to acquire real property and profitably manage such property. Numerous other REITs, banks, insurance companies and pension funds,
as well as corporate and individual developers and owners of real estate, compete with FREIT in seeking properties for acquisition and
for tenants. Many of these competitors have significantly greater financial resources than FREIT. 

 In addition, retailers at FREIT's commercial properties
face increasing competition from online shopping, outlet malls and discount shopping clubs. In many markets, the trade areas of FREIT's
commercial properties overlap with the trade areas of 

 7 

 other shopping centers. Renovations and expansions at those competing shopping centers
and malls could negatively affect FREIT's commercial properties by encouraging shoppers to make their purchases at such new, expanded
or renovated shopping centers and malls. Increased competition through these various sources could adversely affect the viability of FREIT's
tenants, and any new commercial real estate competition developed in the future could potentially have an adverse effect on the revenues
of and earnings from FREIT's commercial properties. 

 (A) 
 General Factors Affecting Investment in Commercial and Apartment Properties; Effect of Economic and Real Estate Conditions 

 The revenues and value of FREIT’s commercial
and residential apartment properties may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including, without limitation, public health crises,
epidemics and pandemics; the national economic climate (including rising interest rates and inflation); the regional economic climate
(which may be adversely affected by plant closings, industry slow-downs and other local business factors); local real estate conditions
(such as an oversupply of retail space or apartment units); perceptions by retailers or shoppers of the security, safety, convenience
and attractiveness of a shopping center; perception by residential tenants of the safety, convenience and attractiveness of an apartment
building or complex; the proximity and the number of competing shopping centers and apartment complexes; the availability of recreational
and other amenities and the willingness and ability of the owner to provide capable management and adequate maintenance. In addition,
other factors may adversely affect the fair market value of a commercial property or apartment building or complex without necessarily
affecting the revenues, including changes in government regulations (such as limitations on development or on hours of operation), changes
in tax laws or rates and potential environmental or other legal liabilities. 

 (B) 
 Commercial Shopping Center Properties' Dependence on Anchor Stores and Satellite Tenants 

 The success of FREIT's investment in its shopping
center properties is largely dependent upon the success of its tenants. Unfavorable economic, demographic, or competitive conditions may
adversely affect the financial condition of tenants and consequently the lease revenues from and the value of FREIT's investments in its
shopping center properties. If the sales of stores operating in FREIT's shopping center properties were to decline due to deteriorating
economic conditions, the tenants may be unable to pay their base rents or meet other lease charges and fees due to FREIT. In addition,
any lease provisions providing for additional rent based on a percentage of sales would not be operative in this economic environment.
In the event of default by a tenant, FREIT could suffer a loss of rent and experience extraordinary delays while incurring additional
costs in enforcing its rights under the lease, which FREIT may not be able to recapture. 

 FREIT believes that its revenues and earnings,
its ability to meet its debt obligations and its funds available for distribution to stockholders would be adversely affected if space
in FREIT's multi-store shopping center properties could not be leased or if anchor store tenants or satellite tenants failed to meet their
lease obligations. As of October 31, 2025, the following table lists the five (5) largest commercial tenants, which account for approximately
63.9% of FREIT’s leased commercial rental space and 49.3% of fixed commercial rents. 

 Tenant 
 Center 
 Sq. Ft. 
 % of Fixed Revenue (1) 
 
 Stop & Shop Supermarket Co. 
 Preakness 
 61,020 
 13.2% 
 
 Stop & Shop Supermarket Co. 
 Franklin Crossing 
 48,673 
 17.8% 
 
 TJ Maxx (2) 
 Westwood Plaza 
 28,480 
 7.1% 
 
 T-Bowl, Inc. (3) 
 Preakness 
 27,195 
 6.7% 
 
 CVS 
 Preakness 
 8,950 
 4.5% 

 (1) This table represents annualized fixed rental income and does not include rent from tenants paying based on percentage rent. 

 (2) Pursuant to a co-tenancy
clause within FREIT's lease agreement with TJ Maxx, if for any period of more than 180 consecutive days from the date that Kmart is not
open for business, then the co-tenancy clause goes into effect for a one year period. During this time, TJ Maxx had the option
to either (a) pay rent equal to the lesser of either the monthly installment of minimum rent which otherwise would have been payable
for said month or 2% of Gross Sales for said month or (b) TJ Maxx could have terminated their lease. Effective March 28, 2024,
TJ Maxx elected the option to pay rent equal to the lesser of either the monthly installment of minimum rent which otherwis