Item 1. Business. Company Overview Since Yelp’s founding over 20 years ago, our mission has remained the same — to connect consumers with great local businesses. Over that time, we have built one of the best known Internet brands in the United States. Consumers trust us for the more than 300 million ratings and reviews available on our platform of businesses across a broad range of categories. This consumer trust is the foundation of our business, from which we are able to empower other businesses to succeed. Our advertising products help businesses of all sizes reach a large audience, advertise their products and drive conversion of their services, while our subscription services support businesses operationally. Our performance in 2025 — which included record annual revenue and profitable growth — demonstrates the profitability of our broad-based local advertising platform. For a discussion of our results for the year ended December 31, 2025, see the section titled “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ” included under Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report. Our Long-Term Growth Opportunity is Large We believe our ability to provide value to both consumers and businesses positions us well in the large and growing local, digital advertising market in the United States. The competitive advantages we have established over two decades, together with our product-led business model and disciplined expense management, provide us with the opportunity for long-term profitable growth in this market. We have: • A proven engine to foster and recommend trusted, human-generated content . Our platform provides the type of reliable and useful review content that helps consumers make informed spending decisions and confidently transact with local businesses. This collection of high-quality, human-generated content is also the type of proprietary data that is essential to AI search providers, thereby providing a valuable monetizable asset. The breadth and depth of our content is the result of our significant investments in both developing communities of users as well as providing a great consumer experience that enables and encourages consumers to share their everyday business experiences through reviews, photos, videos and other content. To maintain the quality and integrity of our content, we have also developed industry-leading content moderation practices that incorporate both advanced technology and human moderation. • A strong brand and a large consumer audience . Our trusted content attracts a large, high-intent consumer audience, keeping our traffic acquisition costs low. This large audience reflects the strength of our brand as a leading resource for consumers to search for and discover great local businesses across categories as well as our availability across a wide range of platforms and devices. It also provides a compelling value proposition to advertisers. In addition to its size, we believe our audience has high purchase intent and is generally affluent. • A broad-based local advertising platform and sophisticated advertising technology . Our large consumer audience supports a broad-based advertising model with products designed to meet the needs of businesses of all sizes. Our portfolio of products and attribution capabilities leverage first-party data to provide advertising solutions across categories and each stage of the consumer funnel, both on and off platform. These products are backed by a scaled and extensible advertising technology platform. To establish the price of an individual ad click, we run an auction for each advertising placement. The bidding algorithms used in our auction system are designed to prioritize spending advertiser budgets efficiently and maximize ad clicks to optimize the value we deliver to advertisers, while our proprietary ad delivery technology is designed to determine the most relevant ads for consumers to drive fulfillment. • Product innovation powered by emerging technologies . Our focus on developer productivity and expertise in AI technologies have allowed us to sustain a high velocity of product innovation. We have invested in systems, processes and tools to drive reductions in median lead time per developer, resulting in more than 200 new features and updates over the past five years. In addition, we have developed expertise in AI technologies through our use of natural language processing, large language models (“LLMs”) and neural network models across our business, from search results and review recommendations to ad delivery to content moderation. This expertise has positioned us to use AI to enhance the consumer experience and deliver greater value to businesses. Our Growth and Margin Strategy We believe that the investments we made in our strategic initiatives have led our business to new highs in recent years, and see further opportunities to build upon this success and deliver even greater value to both consumers and advertisers over the 1 Table of Contents long term. As a result, in 2026, we plan to invest in the areas set forth below, each of which we believe represents its own long-term opportunity and which together we believe will position us to drive long-term growth. Initiatives to Drive Durable Long-term Growth • Reconceive Yelp around actions and answers. We believe that, by combining our trusted, human-generated content with AI technologies, we can deliver a conversational user experience focused on providing answers and taking actions that reconceives how consumers and businesses connect on Yelp. Our 2026 roadmap aims to provide consumers with innovative, AI-powered products and features that take them seamlessly from discovery to action, including a comprehensive version of our AI chatbot, Yelp Assistant, that works across categories and entry points. • Deliver AI tools that help businesses grow, operate and succeed . We plan to build on our efforts to deliver value to businesses, whether or not they are advertisers on Yelp, by focusing on delivering AI-powered tools that support businesses operationally, particularly in Services categories. We plan to offer a new generation of AI tools that go beyond advertising to help businesses capture demand, manage leads, support their customers and operate with increased efficiency. We aim to build or acquire technology to manage the full customer lifecycle — from lead generation to lead management and beyond — beginning with our acquisition of Hatchify Inc. (“Hatch”), a leading AI-powered lead management platform focused on Services businesses. This initiative also provides an opportunity to further diversify our business with new revenue streams; subscription tools create value beyond advertising, building an even more diverse and resilient business while strengthening our relationships with businesses. • Extend our reach to power local discovery across the AI ecosystem. As local discovery moves beyond traditional search into new devices, apps and AI-powered interfaces, we are well positioned to be an essential partner wherever consumers are making local decisions. We plan to pursue additional data licensing agreements and enhance our AI application programming interface (“API”) to extend access to our trusted content to provide consumers with reliable local answers and the ability to take actions seamlessly, even as AI changes the local search landscape. Investing for Growth We plan to continue our disciplined expense management as we invest in high-return areas to drive profitable growth. Excluding the recently acquired Hatch team and hires to support their growth, we expect headcount to again remain approximately flat year over year in 2026, reflecting both our commitment to driving leverage in the business through our product-led strategy as well as our teams’ abilities to deliver operational efficiencies using AI. We also continue to expect to reduce stock-based compensation expense to less than 6% of revenue by the end of 2027. To support our ongoing repurchase plans, in February 2026, the Board authorized us to repurchase an additional $500.0 million of shares of our outstanding common stock. Prudent Capital Allocation As we look to capitalize on the opportunities ahead, we expect our approach to capital allocation to be driven by opportunities to invest in additional strategic transactions and increase spend on paid traffic acquisition, while continuing our stock repurchase program, subject to market and economic conditions. Our Products and Services Advertising We offer a range of free and paid advertising products to businesses of all sizes, including the products listed below, which provide the ability to deliver targeted advertising to our large and high-intent audience. As in past years, advertising accounted for the vast majority of our revenue during the year ended December 31, 2025, contributing 95% of our revenue. We recognize revenue from our business listing and advertising products, including advertising sold by partners, as advertising revenue. Advertising Products CPC Advertising (“Yelp Ads”) We allow businesses to promote themselves in sponsored search results on our platform, on the Yelp pages of businesses in the same or related categories, and in other key locations on our platform. Yelp Ads can also be delivered through syndication on the Yelp Ads Network, a large collection of third-party sites. We primarily sell performance-based ads, which our advertising platform matches to individual consumers through our automated auction system priced on a CPC basis. We generate a majority of our advertising revenue from the sale of CPC advertising. We also provide Services businesses with the ability to provide competing quotes for consumers using our Request-a-Quote feature. 2 Table of Contents Multi-location Ad Products We offer a range of ad products designed for multi-location advertisers, including: Showcase Ads, which showcase and feature limited-time offers, new products or promotions in relevant search results; Spotlight Ads, which highlight special offers and promotions related to seasonal or other special events on Yelp business pages in a prominent carousel directly on the Yelp app home screen; and Yelp Audiences, which extends campaign reach to our high-intent audience off platform on third-party sites and apps. We also offer first-party attribution solutions: Yelp Store Visits, which provides insights on how Yelp Ads drive physical store foot traffic, and a conversion API, which allows advertisers the ability to share their marketing data with Yelp to more accurately measure the effectiveness of their advertising spend. Yelp Connect Yelp Connect provides advertisers with a channel to market new offerings, such as new menu items and specials, or communicate business updates to customers. Yelp Connect posts appear in various locations on our platform, including business pages and the home feed on our mobile apps. Nearby Jobs Nearby Jobs provides businesses with the ability to see a dynamic feed of job quote requests in their area of business. Yelp Guaranteed Yelp Guaranteed is a satisfaction guarantee program that provides limited coverage to consumers who hire a Yelp Guaranteed business through Request-a-Quote in the event something goes wrong with their projects. It is currently available for eligible businesses in select Services categories that have Request-a-Quote enabled and are using Yelp Ads, as well as businesses that are hired through Yelp Assistant that have Yelp Ads. RepairPal Network The RepairPal marketplace and partner network promote auto repair shops to consumers searching for auto repair services. Auto repair shops pay a monthly fee to be included in this certified shop network, as well as either a percentage of earnings from repair orders made by referred customers or a fixed fee per referred customer. Business Page Products Free Business Account Businesses have the ability to create a free business account and claim a Yelp business page for each of their business locations. Once a business has claimed its page, it can more easily update its listing information and has the option to purchase certain page upgrade features. Upgrade Package Our most popular product after Yelp Ads is our Upgrade Package, which includes access to features such as the removal of competitor ads from the business’s Yelp page, Business Highlights, Portfolio, Yelp Connect and Logo, each as described below, among other features. Branded Profile Our Branded Profile is a multi-location product that provides businesses with access to premium features in connection with their Yelp business pages, such as the ability to update listing information and select photos to highlight on the page through a slideshow feature. Enhanced Profile In addition to providing multi-location businesses with the same premium features and support options as our Branded Profile product, our Enhanced Profile product prevents ads from other businesses from appearing on the Yelp business pages of our Enhanced Profile customers. Verified License Verified License is a badge that appears on Yelp business pages as a paid upgrade for certain eligible licensed businesses, primarily in our Home and Local Services categories. The badge indicates that we have verified the business’s trade license and confirmed it was in good standing as of a certain date, allowing businesses to distinguish themselves as licensed and helping consumers make confident decisions when selecting businesses for their projects. Business Highlights Businesses in eligible categories can pay to highlight up to six attributes that make their business unique, such as “Family Owned” or “Pet Friendly.” Portfolio Portfolio allows businesses to showcase their work or services to prospective customers through a collection of projects. Logo Logo provides businesses with the ability to display their logos in high-visibility locations, including prominently at the top of Yelp business pages and in search results. 3 Table of Contents Other We generate other revenue through subscription services, licensing payments for access to Yelp data, transactions and other non-advertising arrangements. Yelp Guest Manager Yelp Guest Manager is a subscription-based suite of front-of-house management tools for restaurants, nightlife and certain other venues. These tools include online reservations, a waitlist management solution that allows consumers to check wait times and join waitlists remotely as well as through hostless kiosks, and seating and server rotation management tools. Yelp Host and Yelp Receptionist Yelp Host and Yelp Receptionist are AI-powered phone assistants for restaurants and service pros, respectively. Yelp Host includes features such as answering calls, managing reservations, sharing wait times, texting links to guests for takeout orders, answering questions and more. Yelp Receptionist asks nuanced questions to capture important project details, vetting and helping qualify new leads, and collecting information needed to provide an accurate quote or schedule a consultation or appointment. Hatch Hatch is an AI-powered lead management solution with highly customizable and flexible AI agents that engage with customers across SMS, email and live calls. It is currently a stand-alone product offering focused on helping Services businesses drive bookings, qualify leads and better serve their customers, whether or not they advertise on Yelp. Yelp Insights API (formerly Yelp Fusion Insights) Through partnerships with companies such as Sprinklr and Chatmeter, our Yelp Insights API program offers business owners local analytics and insights through access to our historical data and other proprietary content. Our Yelp Insights API partners pay us license fees for access to Yelp Insights API content. Yelp Places API (formerly Yelp Fusion) Our Yelp Places API program enables developers to build products that include our high-quality content and data. We partner with industry leaders like Apple, which makes our content available through Apple Maps and its virtual assistant Siri, as well as several auto manufacturers, including Audi AG and BMW, to make our content available in their in-dash experiences. We offer free trial access to certain basic information through our publicly available APIs as well as paid access to broader sets of content and data for consumer-facing enterprise use. We typically enter into multi-year license agreements with paying Yelp Places API customers, with rates determined based on the type and volume of usage. Yelp AI API Yelp AI API delivers Yelp’s trusted local content through conversational AI. A Yelp AI API license allows partners to query and display Yelp content and associated context within a conversational consumer-facing product. Our Yelp AI API partners pay us license fees for access to Yelp AI API content. Transactions We offer features and consumer-interactive tools to facilitate transactions between consumers and the local businesses they find on Yelp. These features are primarily available through partner integrations, the largest of which — by both transaction volume and revenue — is our partnership with DoorDash, which allows consumers to place food orders for pickup and delivery through Yelp. Other Partnerships Other non-advertising partner arrangements include content licensing and allowing third-party data providers to update and manage business listing information on behalf of businesses. 4 Table of Contents Sales We sell our advertising products directly through our sales force as well as online through our website and our Yelp for Business app, and indirectly through partners. Sales Teams Local Sales Our Local sales team is responsible for selling our advertising products to any businesses with fewer than 10 locations. This includes smaller mid-market businesses and franchise businesses that follow a sales process closer to that of Local than that of multi-location businesses. Local sales representatives are primarily focused on adding new customers by generating qualified sales leads through direct engagement, direct marketing campaigns and e-mails to local businesses. Revenue from direct Local sales has historically comprised the largest share of advertising revenue and was driven by growth in Local sales headcount. While it still represents nearly half of our advertising revenue, we have become less reliant on Local sales headcount to drive growth as a result of our investments in our more margin-accretive Self-serve and Multi-location channels in recent years. This has allowed us to optimize the size and compensation structure of the Local sales team accordingly. Multi-location Sales Our Multi-location sales team sells to any businesses with 10 or more locations, which consist of larger mid-market businesses, national businesses and non-location-based brand advertisers. We believe that multi-location advertising budgets, particularly in our Services categories, represent a significant growth opportunity and this channel was a focus of our strategic investments in recent years as we expanded our products and attribution capabilities to meet the needs of these advertisers. Customer Success Our customer success teams support existing advertisers through account management and retention initiatives as well as engage advertisers with the goal of increasing their overall spend. For example, our Local customer success team helps educate local business owners about how using Yelp can benefit their businesses, including by helping them create, update and familiarize themselves with their Yelp business pages. Our customer success teams are also responsible for managing campaign performance by suggesting ad content and helping optimize to improve campaign performance. Self-serve Sales . Our Self-serve platform allows businesses to purchase and manage their advertising products directly from our website or the Yelp for Business app. Businesses can purchase Yelp Ads and business page upgrades directly through our Self-serve platform. The convenience of our Self-serve platform has helped us reduce our reliance on sales and customer support headcount. Sales Partnerships . We also generate revenue through the resale of our advertising products by certain agencies and partners, such as Thryv, as well as monetization of remnant advertising inventory through third-party ad networks. Our Yelp Advertising Partner Program allows partner agencies to independently sell and manage ad campaigns on behalf of their small and medium-sized business (“SMB”) clients, providing increased centralization and flexibility. The products covered by these arrangements include Yelp Ads as well as all of our business profile products. Technology We rely on a set of core technologies that enable us to be a trusted local resource for consumers and a partner in success to businesses of all sizes. We provide scalable services across platforms and devices using a combination of proprietary, open source and third-party technology solutions and products: • Anticipating Consumer Needs . We analyze the large volumes of data collected from our platform and apply our proprietary indexing and ranking techniques to provide our users with contextual, relevant and up-to-date information. We apply machine learning algorithms to predict user needs and preferences based on factors such as the user’s recent activity, location, time of day and season, then tailor the user’s experience on Yelp accordingly. In our Services categories, for example, if a user recently searched for movers, we might suggest searches for businesses offering self-storage or junk removal. Similarly, if our data suggests that a user is a homeowner, we might promote collections of businesses that offer spring cleaning or other seasonally appropriate services. • Recommendation Software . Our recommendation software refers to the proprietary automated trust and safety software 5 Table of Contents systems that we have developed to analyze the relevance, reliability and utility of each review submitted to our platform. “Recommended” reviews — those that the software deems to be the most useful and reliable — appear directly on Yelp business pages, while less trustworthy and unreliable content appear on secondary pages and do not factor into a business’s overall star rating. Our recommendation software analyzes all reviews, reviewers and businesses, using hundreds of signals and billions of data points, and applies the same objective standards to each review, regardless of whether the business being reviewed advertises on Yelp. These signals include those related to the reviewer’s type and level of activity with Yelp (which might correspond to the reviewer’s reliability or suggest reviewer biases) and whether certain reviews originate from related Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses (which might mean the reviews were submitted by the same person). The software regularly evaluates each review and, as a result, its analysis can change over time as new data becomes available; reviews that were previously recommended may become not recommended, and reviews that were previously not recommended may be restored to recommended status. • AI, Machine Learning and LLMs . We use AI, including machine learning, to power and enhance features across our platform. Deep learning neural networks model user behavior to select the most relevant ads to display and predict which photo shown in an ad will generate the most clicks. We use LLMs to better understand user intent in search queries and enhance our search capabilities, including by determining the most relevant information from reviews to display in the business highlights that appear in search results. LLMs also play an important role in analyzing user-generated content to protect consumers and business owners from malicious or harmful content. Neural network-based systems also support our content moderation efforts by proactively removing video content that may be inappropriate. AI technology also powers our recently introduced call answering services, Yelp Host and Yelp Receptionist, as well as Hatch’s lead management platform. While AI can be a powerful tool, we recognize that it has limitations and so approach our use of it thoughtfully. For example, to mitigate potential concerns regarding the accuracy of our AI-powered summaries, we populate the summaries with quotes from actual reviews. Similarly, although we believe incorporating AI features into our platform provides benefits for consumers and businesses, we also understand that the use of AI is not desirable in all contexts. For example, to address the risk that AI tools are abused to create untrustworthy reviews, we have invested significantly in methods to better detect and mitigate AI-created reviews on our platform, which our policies prohibit, including detection technologies powered by AI. • Mobile Solutions . With our most engaged users on our mobile app, we have invested significant resources into developing a comprehensive mobile platform for consumers that supports both major smartphone operating systems available today, iOS and Android. Similarly, we designed our Yelp for Business app to make it easier for businesses to engage with their customers and manage their presence on Yelp. Currently available for iOS and Android, this app provides businesses with daily metrics reports, page view analytics and leads data, as well as the ability to manage quote requests and opportunities in Nearby Jobs. Businesses can also purchase, customize and manage Yelp Ads through the Yelp for Business app. • Ad Delivery . We use proprietary ad targeting and delivery technologies that are designed to quickly target and display hyper-relevant advertisements to users of our platform. When a consumer enters a search on our app, these technologies determine the most re