Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Adverse macroeconomic conditions — particularly those affecting local economies — have had, and may continue to have, a significant adverse impact on our business and results of operations, and also exposes our business to other risks. Our business relies on local economies and the consumer spending that drives them, which may be affected by conditions beyond our control, such as unemployment, inflation, interest rate changes, taxes, access to credit, public health issues, natural disasters and adverse weather conditions, among many others. Currently, many businesses in the United States continue to face challenging operating environments amid widespread economic uncertainties, including labor shortages, supply chain issues, inflation and recessionary concerns, and higher interest rates, which have been exacerbated by changes to U.S. tariff policy and immigration enforcement priorities. These challenging macroeconomic conditions have had, and we expect them to continue to have, a significant adverse impact on our business and results of operations. For example, adverse macroeconomic conditions have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on the ability and willingness of advertisers to spend on our products and services. Businesses in our Restaurants, Retail & Other (“RR&O”) categories in particular have faced protracted adverse conditions, which have negatively impacted their advertising spending with us. The weakness we observed in advertiser demand from RR&O businesses beginning in late December 2023 continued throughout 2025, resulting in advertising revenue from RR&O businesses decreasing 6% and paying advertising locations decreasing 3% year over year in 2025. We believe the performance of our RR&O categories in 2025 was primarily due to the challenging operating environment businesses in these categories continue to face, and we expect these challenges to persist and have an adverse impact on our results of operations in 2026. Changes in consumer behavior due to adverse economic conditions have also had, and may continue to have, both direct and indirect negative impacts on our business. Conditions that negatively impact consumer spending in local economies impact our business directly through reduced consumer traffic to our platform. For example, we believe economic uncertainties and inflationary pressures contributed to the lack of growth in consumer traffic to our platform in 2025. Because traffic to and user engagement on our platform together impact the number of ads we are able to show as well as the value of those ads to businesses, such negative impacts on consumer activity may also make it more difficult to convince existing and prospective advertisers that our products offer them a material benefit and generate a competitive return relative to other alternatives. Conditions that negatively impact consumer spending in local economies also impact our business indirectly as consumers reduce their spending in local economies, compounding challenges for local businesses and further negatively impacting their willingness to spend on our products and services. For example, as adverse conditions in local economies persisted through 2025, they increasingly impacted our Services categories as consumers forwent, delayed or scaled down services projects; as a result, demand from Services businesses for our products and services was more muted than typical through the third quarter and decreased sequentially in the fourth quarter. As macroeconomic uncertainties continue, our business is exposed to a variety of risks, including: • continued reduced demand for our products, lower retention rates, and increased challenges in or cost of acquiring new customers; • reductions in cash flows from operations and liquidity, which impacts our capital allocation strategy in turn; • setbacks on the progress of our strategic initiatives as we reallocate resources to responding to such adverse conditions; • reductions in traffic, engagement, and the quantity and quality of the content provided by our users, which may further harm traffic to our platform; • increased fluctuation in our operating results and volatility and uncertainty in our financial projections; • inefficiencies, delays and disruptions in our business due to the illness of key employees or a significant portion of our workforce; • additional restructuring and impairment charges; and • operational difficulties due to adverse effects of such conditions on our third-party service providers and strategic partners. It is not possible for us to predict the remaining duration of the current adverse economic conditions facing local economies, or the duration or magnitude of the resulting adverse impact on our business. We expect that our business will continue to be significantly adversely affected for the duration of any recessionary period or protracted economic downturn. Any prolonged 16 Table of Contents adverse macroeconomic conditions may also fundamentally shift consumer demand or preferences in ways that harm our business, such as consumers’ preference for food delivery over dine-in restaurant experiences following the COVID-19 pandemic, which we believe may be contributing to the weak RR&O traffic we have seen since the pandemic. We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. If we fail to maintain and expand our base of advertisers, our revenue and our business will be harmed. In order to maintain and expand our advertiser base, we must convince existing and prospective advertisers alike that our advertising products offer them a material benefit and generate a competitive return relative to other alternatives. Adverse macroeconomic conditions may make this more difficult, particularly when such macroeconomic conditions disproportionately affect the local economies, including SMBs, on which we rely, as was the case with the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Many businesses continue to face supply chain issues, inflation, inventory and labor shortages, and an increased cost of labor, among other challenges. These conditions have had , and we expect them to continue to have, a significant adverse impact on our business and revenue; for example, we believe the challenging operating environment resulting from these macroeconomic pressures has been responsible for the weakness in advertiser demand in our RR&O categories we have been experiencing since late December 2023. Advertisers will not advertise with us, or they will reduce the prices they are willing to pay to advertise with us, if we do not deliver compelling ad products in an effective manner, or if we do not provide accurate, easy-to-use analytics and measurement solutions that demonstrate the effectiveness and value of our products. As is typical in our industry, our advertisers generally have the ability to cancel their ad campaigns at any time without penalty. If we are unable to quickly and effectively respond to any decrease in customer satisfaction, economic downturn or other change negatively affecting our ability to retain advertisers, our ability to maintain and expand our advertiser base will be harmed. In addition, a significant portion of our advertiser base consists of SMBs, which are subject to increased challenges and risks. SMBs often have limited advertising budgets and view online advertising products like ours as experimental and unproven; as a result, we may need to devote additional time and resources to educate them about our products and services. Such businesses have also historically experienced high failure rates, and we must continually add new advertisers to replace those who do not renew their advertising due to factors outside of our control, such as declining advertising budgets, closures and bankruptcies. Our advertising revenue could be impacted by a number of other factors, including, but not limited to: • the perceived effectiveness and acceptance of online advertising generally, particularly among SMBs that may have less experience with it; • our ability to drive traffic to our platform, which remains below pre-pandemic levels, and increase user engagement, including engagement with the ads displayed on our platform; • challenging macroeconomic conditions or trends that negatively impact consumer demand, such as the current inflationary environment, which we believe began negatively impacting demand from Services advertisers in 2025, and consumers visiting many types of businesses less frequently than prior to the pandemic; • the effectiveness of our ad targeting technology and tools for advertisers to optimize their campaigns; • our ability to innovate and introduce enhanced products meeting advertiser expectations; • product changes or inventory management decisions we may make that change the size, format, frequency or relative prominence of ads displayed on our platform; • the widespread adoption of any technologies that make it more difficult for us to deliver ads, such as ad-blocking programs; • loss of advertising business to our competitors, including if competitors offer lower priced or more integrated products; • the prevalence of low-quality or invalid traffic on our platform, such as robots and spiders, which we have discovered in the past and expect to discover in the future, and our ability to detect and prevent click fraud or other invalid clicks on ads; • our reputation and perceptions regarding our platform, including of the ratings and reviews that businesses receive from our users — favorable ratings and reviews could be perceived as obviating the need to advertise, while unfavorable ratings and reviews could discourage businesses from advertising to an audience that they perceive as hostile; • the size and productivity of our sales force, which may be affected by a range of factors, not all of which are within our control; 17 Table of Contents • the degree to which businesses choose to reach users through our free products in lieu of our paid products and services; and • the pricing of our products, including the CPCs determined by our auction system, which have increased in recent quarters even as we have delivered fewer ad clicks. Any of these or other factors could result in a reduction in demand for our products, which would negatively affect our revenue and operating results. Our strategy to grow our business may not be successful and may expose us to additional risks. Our growth strategy includes priorities such as reconceiving Yelp around answers and actions, delivering AI tools that help service pros and other local businesses grow, operate and succeed, and extending our reach to power local delivery across the AI ecosystem. These initiatives will require substantial investments, involve significant risks and executing on them may prove more difficult than we currently anticipate. We may not succeed in realizing the benefits of these efforts, including growing our revenue and improving our margins, within the time frame we expect or at all. Even if these initiatives ultimately drive revenue growth, it will likely trail the increase in expenses resulting from our investments. Our ability to execute each of our strategic priorities depends on our ability to develop innovative, relevant and useful products in a timely manner. Developing successful products requires substantial investments, and such investments may not prioritize short-term financial results and may involve significant risks and uncertainties. For example, new products may fail to generate sufficient revenue, operating margin or other value to justify the investments we made in them. This is a particular risk for new products that are unproven or that are outside of our historical core business, including the product roadmap underlying our 2026 strategic initiatives, which aims to deliver innovative AI-powered products and features. Although we have significant experience with AI technologies, the use of, as well as consumer expectations for, such technologies are rapidly evolving and we cannot guarantee that our AI-based products will prove popular with consumers or businesses. Our plans to leverage AI in our product initiatives and business operations also pose particular risks to our business , as further described below. Certain of our past strategic decisions may also continue to impact our opportunities and long-term prospects. For example, although our strategic focus on Services businesses in recent years has driven our business performance, our Services business faces industry challenges. In addition to being a highly competitive, fragmented market, it has not yet fully embraced online solutions of the type we offer. Many consumers continue to search for, select and hire service professionals offline through word-of-mouth and referrals. Changing traditional habits is difficult, and the speed and ultimate outcome of the shift of these markets online for consumers and businesses alike is uncertain and may not occur as quickly as we expect, or at all. If traffic to or user engagement on our platform declines, our revenue, business and operating results may be harmed. We derive a substantial majority of our revenue based on our users’ engagement with the ads that we display. Because traffic to and user engagement on our platform together determine the number of ad clicks we are able to deliver, affect the value of those ads to businesses and support the content creation that drives further traffic, our ability to attract, retain and engage visitors on our platform is critical to our business and financial success. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, declines in our traffic in certain periods for a variety of reasons. For example, because a substantial majority of our traffic goes to our RR&O categories and RR&O traffic is particularly sensitive to changes in consumer confidence levels, our overall traffic levels generally fluctuate with macroeconomic conditions. We believe that the current uncertain and inflationary economic environment continued to have a negative impact on our RR&O traffic in 2025, offsetting modest growth in Services traffic, resulting in our traffic metrics being down modestly year over year. While we cannot predict the remaining duration of the current uncertain economic conditions or the duration or magnitude of their impact on our traffic, we expect traffic to remain challenged in 2026. Other factors that could adversely affect our traffic and user engagement include, but are not limited to: • our reliance on Internet search engines ; • other adverse macroeconomic conditions and their negative impact on consumer spending at local businesses ; • if users engage with other products, services or activities as an alternative to our platform; • if consumers use AI-powered features of search engines, such as Google’s AI Overviews and AI Mode, AI chatbots or other AI platforms instead of traditional search engines, as these tools often present their results in a format that de-emphasizes links to our platform; 18 Table of Contents • if users have difficulty installing, updating or otherwise accessing our platform as a result of actions by us or third parties that we rely on to distribute our products, such as application marketplaces and device manufacturers ; • if we fail to introduce new and improved products or features that users find engaging, or we introduce new products or features that do not effectively address consumer needs or otherwise alienate consumers; • the quantity and quality of the content contributed by our users, as well as the perceived distribution of such content across the categories of businesses on our platform ; • increasing competition in the market for information regarding local businesses ; • our ability to manage and prioritize information to ensure users are presented with content that is relevant and helpful to them, including through the effective operation of our automated recommendation software; • technical or other problems that negatively impact the availability and reliability of our platform or otherwise affect the user experience, including as a result of infrastructure performance problems and security breaches ; • if users believe that their experience is diminished as a result of the decisions we make with respect to the frequency, relevance and prominence of the advertising we display; • the adoption of any laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of our platform or the Internet in general, such as the repeal of Internet neutrality regulations in the United States; • any actions taken by companies with significant market power in the broadband and Internet marketplace that degrade, disrupt or increase the cost of user access to our products and services; and • if we do not maintain our brand image or our reputation is damaged . As a result of these dynamics, as well as the maturation of our business and our high penetration rates in most major geographic markets within the United States and Canada, we generally expect our traffic to decrease in certain periods going forward. Should our traffic continue to decline, our business and financial performance will become increasingly dependent on driving user engagement on our platform and with the ads that we display, which we may not do successfully. We rely on Internet search engines and application marketplaces to drive traffic to our platform, certain providers of which offer products and services that compete directly with our products. If links to our applications and website are not displayed prominently, traffic to our platform could decline and our business would be adversely affected. We rely heavily on Internet search engines, including primarily Google, to drive traffic to our platform through their unpaid search results and on application marketplaces, such as Apple’s App Store and Google’s Play, to drive downloads of our applications. If they fail to drive sufficient traffic to our platform, we may need to increase our marketing spend to acquire additional traffic. We cannot assure you that the value we ultimately derive from any such additional traffic would exceed the cost of acquisition, and the resulting increase in marketing expense may in turn harm our operating results. For example, despite our 2024 initiative to acquire Services projects through paid search resulting in an increase in projects, more ad clicks and lower average CPCs than in the prior year, these improvements did not drive our desired returns in advertiser retention or ad budget increases. The amount of traffic we attract from search engines is due in large part to how and where information from and links to our website are displayed on search engine result pages. The specific links to our platform that are displayed in search engine results also impact the quality, including the value and engagement level, of the traffic we receive from search engines. The display, including rankings and links, of unpaid search results can be affected by a number of factors, many of which are not in our direct control, and may change frequently. Search engines have made changes in the past to their ranking algorithms, methodologies and design layouts that have reduced the prominence of links to our platform and negatively impacted the volume and quality our traffic, and we expect they will continue to make such changes from time to time in the future. For example, search engines such as Google have incorporated AI-generated responses to search queries above their organic search results, which has reduced the prominence of links to our platform and may be having a negative impact on our traffic. We may not know how or otherwise be in a position to influence search results or our treatment in application marketplaces. With respect to search results in particular, even when search engines announce the details of their methodologies, their parameters may change from time to time, be poorly defined or be inconsistently interpreted. For example, Google previously announced that the rankings of sites showing certain types of app install interstitials could be penalized on its mobile search results pages. While we believe the type of interstitial we currently use is not being penalized, we cannot guarantee that Google will not unexpectedly penalize our app install interstitials, causing links to our mobile website to be featured less prominently in Google’s mobile search results and harming traffic to our platform as a result. 19 Table of Contents In some instances, search engine companies and application marketplaces may change their displays or rankings in order to promote their own competing products or services or the products or services of one or more of our competitors. For example, Google has promoted its local product offering within certain of its products, including general search and maps. The promotion of Google’s own competing products ahead of its organic search results has negatively impacted the prominence of links to our platform. Because Google in particular is the most significant source of traffic to our website, our success depends on our ability to maintain a prominent presence in search results for queries regarding local businesses on Google. As a result, Google’s promotion of its own competing products, or similar actions by Google in the future that have the effect of reducing our prominence or ranking on its search results — such as its presentation of AI-generated responses to search queries in a manner that de-emphasizes links to our platform — could have a substantial negative effect on our business and results of operations. Similarly, Apple, Google or other marketplace operators may make changes to their marketplaces, technical requirements or policies that make access to our products more difficult, reduce the prominence or rank of our applications within marketplaces, require us to change our current practices or make it more difficult for us to provide effective advertising tools to businesses on our platform. For example, Google now requires that apps that allow account creation must provide users with an option to delete their accounts and associated data directly within the app or through an online portal. Google has also updated their policies around data use and disclosures, including by requiring that apps limit certain data collection and use unless it is consistent with the application’s core use case. If application marketplaces change their policies — or interpretations of their policies — in a manner that adversely impacts the way in which we offer our services, or how we or our partners collect, use and share data from users, our ability to maintain and expand our base of advertisers will be harmed. However, if we do not comply with these requirements, we could lose access to the app store and users, and our business would be harmed. For example, on multiple occasions in recent years, Apple and Google have required us to provide more information and make changes to our applications or app disclosures based on new policies or new interpretations of existing policies. Although our apps have remained available in the Apple and Google app stores, resolving these issues was time consuming and required additional expenditures. We cannot guarantee that similar issues will not arise again in the future or that, if they do, we would be able to resolve them at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. We rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate well-qualified employees, our business could be harmed. We believe our success has depended, and continues to depend, on the efforts and talents of our employees, including our senior management team, our product and engineering teams, marketing professionals and advertising sales staff. All of our U.S. employees, including all but one of our executive officers, are at-will employees, which means they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry would be extremely difficult to replace. Any changes in our senior management team in particular, even in the ordinary course of business, may be disruptive to our business. While we seek to manage these transitions carefully, including by establishing strong processes and procedures and succession planning, such changes may result in a loss of institutional knowledge and cause disruptions to our business. If our senior management team fails to work together effectively or execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis as a result of management turnover or otherwise, our business could be harmed. Our ability to execute on our key strategic initiatives depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled employees while maintaining the beneficial aspects of our company culture, which may be more difficult with a distributed workforce. Qualified individuals are in high demand and we expect to continue to face significant competition from other companies in hiring such personnel. In recent years, we have undertaken a significant shift in our compensation mix away from equity toward cash, and the incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees provided by our current cash-focused compensation arrangements may not be as effective as our previous compensation arrangements. Identifying, recruiting, training and integrating new hires will require significant time, expense and attention; as a result, we may incur significant costs to attract them before we can validate their productivity. If we fail to manage our hiring needs effectively, our efficiency and ability to meet our forecasts, as well as employee morale, productivity and retention, could suffer, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. We face intense competition in rapidly evolving markets, and expect competition to increase in the future. We compete in rapidly evolving and intensely competitive markets, and we expect competition to intensify further in the future with the emergence of new technologies, such as AI, and market entrants. We face competition for users, content and customers, including from: online search engines and directories, including those incorporating AI technologies; traditional, offline business guides and directories; online and offline providers of consumer ratings, reviews and referrals; social media platforms and features; providers of online marketing and tools for managing and optimizing advertising campaigns; various forms of traditional offline advertising; restaurant reservation and seating tools; food ordering and delivery services; and home and/or local services-related platforms and offerings. 20 Table of Contents Some of our competitors enjoy certain competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, substantially greater market share, large existing user bases and substantially greater financial, technical and other resources. These companies may use these advantages to offer products similar to ours at a lower price, develop different products or partner with our existing or potential partners (to our exclusion) to compete with our current solutions, and respond more quickly and effectively than we do to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or client requirements. For example, competitors have used, and may in the future use, their substantial financial resources to secure positions as the default or exclusive option in web browsers, mobile devices or other potential sources of traffic and app downloads, as Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, pays for Google to be the default search engine in Apple’s Safari browser. In particular, major Internet companies, such as Google and Meta, may be more successful than us in developing and marketing online advertising and other services directly to local businesses, and may leverage their relationships based on other products or services to gain additional share of advertising budgets. Certain competitors could also use strong or dominant positions in one or more markets to gain competitive advantage against us in areas in which we operate, including by: • integrating review platforms, local offerings or other competitive products into products they control, such as search engines, web browsers or mobile device operating systems; • leveraging their control of products to induce third parties to preference products that compete with ours; • making acquisitions; • changing their unpaid search result rankings to preference or promote their own products; • refusing to enter into or renew licenses on which we depend; • limiting or denying our access to advertising measurement or delivery systems; • limiting our ability to target or measure the effectiveness of ads; or • making access to our platform more difficult. These risks may be exacerbated by the trend in recent years toward consolidation among online media companies, potentially allowing our larger competitors to offer bundled or integrated products that feature alternatives to our platform. To compete effectively, we must continue to invest significant resources in product development to enhance user experience and engagement, as well as sales and marketing to expand our base of advertisers. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully for users and customers against existing or new competitors, and failure to do so could result in loss of existing users, reduced revenue, increased marketing expenses or diminished brand strength, any of which could harm our business. We rely on third-party service providers and strategic partners for many aspects of our business, and any failure to maintain these relationships could harm our business. We rely on relationships with various third parties to grow our business, including strategic partners and technology and content providers. For example, we rely on third parties for data about local businesses, mapping functionality, payment processing, information technology and systems, network infrastructure and administrative software solutions. We also rely on partnership integrations for various transactions available through Yelp, including DoorDash for food-ordering services. Identifying, negotiating and maintaining relationships with third parties require significant time and resources, as does integrating their data, services and technologies onto our platform. This may divert the attention of our management and employees from other aspects of our business operations, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to realize the intended benefits of any given partnership. It is possible that third-party providers and strategic partners may not be able to devote the resources we expect to the relationships. We may also have competing interests and obligations with respect to certain of our partners, which may make it difficult to maintain, grow or maximize the benefit for each partnership. For example, we have historically benefited from the integration of our content into Apple Maps driving a significant amount of traffic to our website and downloads of our application. If Apple were to offer products competitive with ours, such as local business reviews, our relationship with Apple would be negatively impacted and our longstanding partnership might be difficult to maintain as a result. Although traffic and app downloads driven by Apple Maps decreased following certain changes to the display of our content in Apple Maps, if our partnership with Apple ended, traffic to our platform and our business would be harmed. If our relationships with our partners and providers deteriorate, we could suffer increased costs and delays in our ability to provide consumers and advertisers with content or similar services. As in the case of the expiration or termination of any of our agreements with third-party providers, transitioning from one partner or provider to another could subject us to operational delays and inefficiencies and we may not be able to replace the services provided to us in a timely manner or on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. 21 Table of Contents In addition, we exercise limited control over our third-party partners and vendors, which makes us vulnerable to any errors, interruptions or delays in their operations. If these third parties experience any service disruptions, financial distress or other business disruption, or difficulties meeting our requirements or standards, it could make it difficult for us to operate some aspects of our business. For example, we rely on AWS cloud computing infrastructure to host our website, mobile app and many of the internal tools we use to operate our business. Any significant disruption or limitation of our access to or other interference with our use of AWS would negatively impact our operations and business, including potentially causing harm to our reputation, results of operations and financial results. Any transition of the cloud services currently provided by AWS to another provider could cause us to incur significant time and expense, and any unplanned transition could also disrupt or degrade our ability to deliver our products and services. Similarly, the actions of our partners may affect our brand if users or customers do not have a positive experience interacting with or through them. For example, if advertisers do not have a positive experience purchasing our advertising products through our resale partners, such as Thryv, or the agency participants in our Yelp Ads Certified Partners Program, they may not continue advertising with us, which would negatively affect our revenue and operating results. Although such partners are contractually obligated to observe certain standards and best practices while selling our advertising products, our ability to ensure their compliance is limited. Any disagreements or disputes with these or other partners about our respective contractual obligations — which we have had in the past and may have again from time to time in the future — could result in legal proceedings or negatively affect our brand and reputation. Any termination of a partnership agreement, including as a result of disagreements or disputes, could also negatively impact our revenue. If we fail to manage our employee operations and organization effectively, our brand, results of operations and business could be harmed. Our employee operations are complex and place substantial demands on management and our operational infrastructure. These operations may be negatively affected by a range of external factors that are not within our control, including catastrophic events, such as earthquakes or fires, and public health crises. Such factors may have a substantial impact on employee attendance or productivity, and the extent and duration of their impact are typically uncertain; if we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business will be harmed. For example, our rapid and broad-based shift to a remote working environment in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic added to the complexity of our employee operations by creating productivity, connectivity, security and oversight challenges. We expect challenges to continue to arise as we navigate uncertain political and economic environments, incorporate technological innovations into our business and otherwise respond to external factors going forward. Addressing these challenges could adversely affect our company culture and will require the attention of our executive team and other key employees, which could adversely affect our business. As our business matures, we make periodic changes and adjustments to our organization in response to various internal and external considerations, including market opportunities, the competitive landscape, new and enhanced products, acquisitions, sales performance, availability of employee talent and costs. In some instances, these changes have resulted in a temporary lack of focus and reduced productivity, which may occur again in connection with any future changes to our organization and may negatively affect our results of operations. If we are unable to adapt quickly and effectively to changes or adjustments to our organization, our business will be harmed. We may also need to improve our operational, financial and management systems and processes to support our large and distributed workforce, which may require significant capital expenditures and allocation of valuable management and employee resources, as well as subject us to the risk of over-expanding our operating infrastructure. For example, it can be difficult to train thousands of sales employees across multiple offices according to the same business standards, practices and laws, and we have been the subject of lawsuits alleging that we have failed to do so. If we fail to scale our operations successfully and increase productivity, the quality of our platform and efficiency of our operations could suffer, which could harm our brand, results of operations and business. Consumers frequently access online services through a variety of platforms other than desktop computers, including mobile devices. If we are unable to operate effectively on such devices or our products for such devices are not compelling, our business could be adversely affected. Consumers frequently access the Internet through devices other than desktop computers, including mobile phones, tablets, handheld computers, voice-assisted speakers, automobiles and television set-top devices. We generate a substantial majority of our revenue from advertising delivered on mobile devices, and anticipate that this will continue to be the case for the foreseeable future. As a result, we must continue to drive adoption of and user engagement on our mobile platform, and on our mobile app in particular, which is less reliant on search results for traffic than our website. If we are unable to drive continued adoption of and engagement on our mobile app, our business may be harmed and we may be unable to decrease our reliance on traffic from Google and other search engines. 22 Table of Contents In order to attract and retain engaged users of our platform on mobile and other alternative devices, the products and services we introduce on such devices must be compelling. However, the functionality and user experience associated with some alternative devices may make the use of our platform and products more difficult than through a desktop computer. For example, devices with small screen sizes or that lack a screen may exacerbate the risks associated with how and where our website is displayed in search results because they display or otherwise present fewer search results than desktop computers. We also expect that the ways in which users engage with our platform will continue to change over time as users increasingly engage via alternative devices. This may make it more difficult to develop products that consumers find useful, may make it more difficult for us to monetize our products and may also negatively affect our content if users do not continue to contribute high-quality content through such devices. Similarly, as new devices and platforms develop, advertiser demand may increase for products that we do not offer or that may alienate our user base, which we must balance against our commitment to prioritizing the quality of user experience over short-term monetization. If we are not able to balance these competing considerations successfully to develop compelling advertising products, advertisers may stop or reduce their advertising with us and we may not be able to generate meaningful revenue from alternative devices despite the expected growth in their usage. As new devices and platforms are continually being released, it is also difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in adapting our products and services — and developing competitive new products and services — to them, and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support and maintenance of such products. Our success will be dependent on the interoperability and compliance of our products with a range of technologies, systems, networks and standards that we do not control, such as mobile operating systems like Android and iOS. For example, in 2021, Apple made certain changes to its products and data use policies in connection with changes to its iOS operating system that reduced our ability to target and measure advertising. While these changes currently impact only a small portion of our advertising business, they could limit our ability to expand the relevant advertising products in the future. We may not be successful in developing products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks and standards or in creating, maintaining and developing relationships with key participants in related industries, some of which may be our competitors. If we experience difficulties or increased costs in integrating our products into alternative devices, or if manufacturers elect not to include our products on their devices, make changes that degrade the functionality of our products, give preferential treatment to competitive products or prevent us from delivering advertising, our user growth and operating results may be harmed. This risk may be exacerbated by the frequency with which users change or upgrade their devices; in the event users choose devices that do not already include or support our platform or do not install our products when they change or