ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Various risks and uncertainties could affect our business. In addition to the information contained elsewhere in this report and other filings that we make with the SEC, the risk factors described below could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the trading price of our common stock. It is not possible to identify all risk factors. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. Risks Related to our Growth and Operating Strategy If we are unable to successfully design and execute our business strategy, including growing comparable store sales, our revenues and profitability may be adversely affected. Our ability to increase revenues and profitability is dependent on designing and executing effective business strategies. If we are delayed or unsuccessful in executing our strategies or if our strategies do not yield desired results, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. Our ability to execute our business strategy is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to: increase gross sales and operating profits at existing stores with entertainment, food, and beverage options desired by our customers; evolve our marketing and branding strategies to appeal to our customers; innovate and implement technology initiatives to provide a unique digital customer experience; identify adequate sources of capital to fund and finance strategic initiatives; grow and expand operations, including identifying available, suitable, and economically viable locations for new stores and making strategic acquisitions; and improve the speed and quality of our service. New or improved technologies or changes in consumer behavior facilitated by these technologies could negatively affect our business. Advances in technologies, including those that use artificial intelligence, or certain changes in consumer behavior driven by such technologies could have a negative effect on our business. Technology and consumer offerings continue to develop, and we expect new or enhanced technologies and consumer offerings will be available in the future. As part of our marketing efforts, we use a variety of digital platforms including search engines; mobile, online videos; and social media platforms to attract and retain customers. We also test new technology platforms to improve our level of digital engagement with our customers and team members to help strengthen our marketing and related consumer analytics capabilities. These initiatives may not prove to be successful and may result in expenses incurred without the benefit of higher revenues or increased engagement. Our inability to effectively use and monitor social media could harm our marketing efforts as well as our reputation, which could negatively impact our sales and financial performance. 10 Changes in consumer preferences and buying patterns and changes in economic conditions could negatively affect our results of operations. The out-of-home entertainment market is highly dependent on consumer discretionary spending levels, which have in the past been and may in the future be negatively affected by economic conditions, such as: fluctuations in disposable income and changes in consumer confidence; the price of fuel and transportation; slow or negative growth; unemployment; credit conditions and availability; volatility in financial markets; inflationary pressures; weakness in the housing market; tariffs and trade barriers; wars or conflict in certain regions; pandemics or public health concerns; and changes in government and central bank monetary policies. When economic conditions negatively affect consumer spending, discretionary spending for visits to out-of-home entertainment venues has in the past been and may in the future be challenged, our guest traffic has deteriorated in the past and may deteriorate in the future, and the average amount guests spend in our venues may be reduced. This can negatively impact our results of operations, and could also result in reductions in staff levels, asset impairment charges and potential store closures. The success of our venues also depends on properties primarily located near high density retail areas such as regional malls, lifestyle centers, big box shopping centers and entertainment centers. We depend on a high volume of visitors at these centers to attract customers to our locations. As demographic and economic patterns change, current locations may or may not continue to be attractive or profitable. A decline in development or closures of businesses in these settings or a decline in visitors to retail areas near our locations could negatively affect our sales. In addition, desirable sites for the relocation of existing stores may not be available at an acceptable cost, due in part to the inability to easily terminate a long-term lease. Consumers’ health and dietary preferences are continually changing. As a result, we are challenged to evolve our food and beverage menu offerings to appeal to these changing customer preferences, while maintaining the character of our brands and retaining popular menu items. New information or changes in dietary, nutritional, allergen or health guidelines or environmental or sustainability concerns, whether issued by governmental agencies, academic studies, advocacy organizations or similar groups, may cause some groups of consumers to select foods other than those that are offered by our stores, which could negatively impact our food and beverage revenues. We may not be able to compete favorably in the entertainment and restaurant markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. The out-of-home entertainment market is highly competitive. We compete for customers’ discretionary entertainment dollars with providers of out-of-home entertainment, including location-based entertainment facilities such as movie theaters, sporting events, bowling alleys, sports activity centers, arcades and entertainment centers, nightclubs, and restaurants as well as theme parks. Some of the entities operating these businesses are larger and have greater financial resources, have a greater number of stores, have been in business longer, have greater name recognition or are better established in the markets where our stores are located or are planned to be located. As a result, they may be able to invest greater resources than we can in attracting customers and succeed in attracting customers who would otherwise come to our stores. The legalization of casino gambling in geographic areas near any current or future store and the expanded availability of online sports betting could also have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We also face competition from local, regional, and national establishments that offer similar entertainment experiences to ours and restaurants that are highly competitive with respect to price, quality of service, location, ambience and type and quality of food. We also face competition from increasingly sophisticated home-based forms of entertainment, such as internet and video gaming and home movie streaming. Our failure to compete favorably in the competitive out-of-home and home-based entertainment and restaurant markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Unfavorable publicity or a failure to respond effectively to adverse publicity, could harm our business. Our brands and our reputation are among our most important assets. Our ability to attract and retain customers depends, in part, upon the external perception of our Company, the quality of our food service and facilities and our integrity. Multi-store businesses such as ours can be adversely affected by unfavorable publicity resulting from poor food quality, food safety concerns, flu or other virus outbreaks and other public health concerns stemming from one or a limited number of our stores. While we dedicate substantial resources and provide training to ensure the safety and quality of the food we serve, these risks cannot be eliminated. Additionally, we rely on our network of suppliers to properly handle, store, and transport our ingredients for delivery to our stores. Any failure by our suppliers, or their suppliers, could cause our ingredients to be contaminated, which could be difficult to detect and could put the safety of our food in jeopardy. The risk of food-borne illness also may increase whenever our menu items are served outside of our control, such as by third-party food delivery services or customer take-out. 11 Negative publicity may also result from criminal incidents, data privacy breaches, scandals involving our team members or operational problems at our stores. Regardless of whether the allegations or complaints are valid, unfavorable publicity related to one or more of our stores could affect public perception of the entire brand. Even incidents at similar businesses such as restaurants, our competitors, or in the supply chain generally could result in negative publicity that could indirectly harm our brand. If one or more of our stores were the subject of unfavorable publicity and we are unable to quickly and effectively respond to such reports, our overall brands could be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The use of social media and similar platforms allows individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. Consumers value readily available information concerning goods and services that they have or plan to purchase and may act on such information without further investigation or authentication. Many social media platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, usually without filters or checks on the accuracy of the content posted. Inaccurate or adverse information concerning our Company may be posted on such platforms at any time and may spread quickly. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Such platforms also may be used for dissemination of trade secret information, compromising valuable company assets. The dissemination of information via social media and similar platforms may harm our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations, regardless of the information’s accuracy. The inappropriate use of social media vehicles by our customers or team members could increase our costs, lead to litigation, or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation. Further, if we are not effective in addressing social and environmental responsibility matters or achieving relevant sustainability goals, consumer trust in our brands may suffer. Consumer demand for our products and the value of our brands could diminish significantly if any such incidents or other matters erode consumer confidence in us or our products, which would likely result in lower revenues. We are subject to risks associated with leasing space subject to long-term, non-cancelable leases, and risks related to renewal. The majority of our stores operate on property that we lease rather than own. Payments under our non-cancelable, long-term operating leases account for a significant portion of our operating expenses, and we expect a predominant number of the new stores we open in the future will also be leased. The leases typically provide for a base rent plus an annual rent escalator either at a fixed amount or based on the Consumer Price Index. Certain leases also require us to pay additional rent based on a percentage of the revenue generated by the stores on the leased premises once certain thresholds are met. We generally cannot cancel these leases without a substantial economic penalty. If an existing or future store is not profitable and we decide to close it, we may nonetheless be committed to perform our obligation under the applicable lease, including, among other things, paying the base rent for the remainder of the lease term. We depend on cash flow from operations to pay our lease obligations. If our business does not generate adequate cash flow from operating activities and sufficient funds are not otherwise available to us from borrowings under our existing credit facility or otherwise, we may not be able to service our operating lease obligations, grow our business, respond to competitive challenges, or fund other liquidity and capital needs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, as each of our existing leases expires, we may choose not to renew, or may not be able to renew such lease, if the capital investment required to maintain the stores at the leased locations is not justified by the return required on the investment. If we are not able to renew the leases at rents that allow our stores to remain profitable as their terms expire, the number of such stores may decrease, resulting in lower revenue from operations, or we may relocate a store, which could subject us to construction and other costs and risks, and, in either case, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our financial performance and the ability to successfully implement our strategic direction could be adversely affected if we fail to retain or effectively respond to a loss of key management. Our future success is substantially supported by the contributions and abilities of senior management, including key executives and other leadership team members. Changes in senior management could expose us to significant changes in strategic direction and initiatives. A failure to maintain appropriate organizational capacity and capability to support leadership excellence or a loss of key skill sets could jeopardize our ability to meet our business performance expectations and growth targets. Although we have employment agreements with all members of senior management, we cannot prevent members of senior management from terminating their employment with us. The departure of a member of senior management and/or the failure to ensure an effective transfer of knowledge and a smooth transition upon such departure may be disruptive to the business and could hinder our strategic planning and execution. 12 We face risks related to our substantial indebtedness and limitations on future sources of liquidity. We are party to a senior secured credit agreement (as amended from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) that provides for a $650.0 revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”), under which $170.0 was outstanding as of February 3, 2026, and a term loan facility, under which $1,382.3 of principal was outstanding as of February 3, 2026 (together with the Revolving Credit Facility, the “Credit Facility”). Our substantial indebtedness could have adverse consequences to us, including: • making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt, and any failure to comply with the obligations under our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants, could result in an event of default under the agreements governing our indebtedness, increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions; • requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of obligations with respect to our debt, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, lease payments, capital expenditures, selling and marketing efforts, product development, future business opportunities and other purposes; • exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as some of our borrowings are at variable rates; • limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, debt service requirements, strategic acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes; and • limiting our ability to plan for, or adjust to, changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who may be less highly leveraged. Covenants in our Credit Agreement restrict our business and could limit our ability to implement our business plan. The Credit Agreement includes covenants restricting, among other things, our ability to do the following under certain circumstances: incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue certain disqualified or preferred stock; pay dividends or make other distributions on, or redeem or purchase any equity interests or make other restricted payments; make certain acquisitions or investments; create or incur liens; transfer or sell assets; incur restrictions on the payment of dividends or other distributions from our restricted subsidiaries; alter the business that we conduct; enter into transactions with affiliates; and consummate a merger or consolidation or sell, assign, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all our assets. The Credit Agreement also requires us to comply with certain financial covenants, including to maintain a maximum net total leverage ratio. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with our covenants under the Credit Agreement or that any covenant violations will be waived in the future. Any violation that is not waived could result in an event of default, permitting our lenders to declare outstanding indebtedness and interest thereon due and payable, and permitting the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility to suspend commitments to make any advance, or require any outstanding letters of credit to be collateralized by an interest-bearing cash account, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if we fail to comply with our financial or other covenants under the Credit Agreement, we may need additional financing to service or extinguish our indebtedness. We may not be able to obtain financing or refinancing on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We cannot assure that we would have sufficient funds to repay outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility and any acceleration of amounts due would have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition. The success of our longer-term growth strategy depends in part on our ability to develop, open and operate new stores profitably, and on our ability to optimize our existing stores. Our ability to timely and efficiently open new stores and to operate these stores on a profitable basis is dependent on numerous factors including quality locations, acceptable lease or purchase agreements, zoning, use and other regulations, our liquidity, staffing needs and training, permitting, customer acceptance, impact on existing stores and financial performance targets. The timing of new store openings may result in significant fluctuations in our quarterly performance. We typically incur significant costs prior to opening for pre-opening and construction and increased labor and operating costs for a newly opened store. Due to these substantial upfront financial requirements to open new stores, the investment risk related to any single store is much larger than that associated with many other entertainment or restaurant venues. Further, our ability to meet these substantial upfront financial requirements may be impacted by the ability, or willingness, of development partners to provide developer financing or reimbursement of such costs incurred by us. 13 Our long-term growth strategy depends, in part, on our ability to remodel existing stores in a manner that achieves appropriate returns on our capital investment. A robust store remodel program requires significant capital investment, based on the condition of each store as well as other factors, including the optimization of the size and layout of our existing stores to ensure maximum space utilization. Pursuing the wrong remodel and any delays, cost increases, disruptions or other uncertainties related to those opportunities could adversely affect our results of operations. We may be subject to impairment losses due to potential declines in the fair value of our assets. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), we are required to annually evaluate our long-lived assets, goodwill and intangible assets for impairment. Significant declines in our stock price, market capitalization, or consumer spending due to increased competition, macroeconomic conditions or other factors could result in an unfavorable fair value evaluation of the carrying amounts of the assets. The resulting impairment charges related to our long-lived assets, goodwill or intangible assets could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations. We may fail to effectively integrate or operate our future acquisitions. In fiscal 2022, we acquired Main Event as part of our expansion effort and may acquire more businesses in the future. If we fail to manage our future acquisitions effectively, our results of operations could be adversely affected by any of the following: • incorrect assumptions regarding the future results of acquired operations or assets, expected cost reductions or other synergies to be realized from acquiring operations or assets; • failure to integrate the operations or management of any acquired operations or assets successfully and timely; • potential loss of key team members and customers of the acquired companies; • potential lack of experience operating in a geographic market or product line of the acquired business; • an increase in our expenses, particularly overhead expenses, and working capital requirements; • the possible inability to achieve the intended objectives of the business combination; and • the diversion of management’s attention from existing operations or other priorities. Risks Related to Information Technology and Cybersecurity Information technology system failures or interruptions may impact our ability to effectively operate our business. We rely heavily on various information technology systems, including point-of-sale, kiosk and amusement operations systems in our stores, data centers that process transactions, communication systems and various other software applications used throughout our operations. Some of these systems have been internally developed and we rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support. Although we have operational safeguards in place, those technology systems and solutions could become vulnerable to damage, disability, or failures due to theft, fire, power outages, telecommunications failure or other catastrophic events. Any failure of these systems could significantly impact our operations. We rely on third-party service providers for certain key elements of our operations, including credit card processing, telecommunications, and utilities. Our reliance on systems operated by third parties also presents the risk faced by the third-parties’ businesses, including the operational, cybersecurity, and credit risks of such parties. If those systems were to fail or otherwise be unavailable, and we were unable to timely recover, we could experience an interruption in, or other material adverse effect on, our operations. Cybersecurity breaches or other privacy or data security incidents that expose confidential customer, personal employee or other material, confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties may adversely impact our business. Many of our information technology systems (and those of our third-party business partners, whether cloud-based or hosted in proprietary servers), including those used for point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms, mobile payment systems and administrative functions including time and attendance reporting and payroll processing, contain personal, financial, or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and team members. Many of our information technology systems also contain proprietary and other confidential information related to our business, such as business plans and initiatives. A cybersecurity incident (generally any intentional or unintentional attack that results in unauthorized access resulting in disruption of systems, corruption of data, theft or exposure of confidential information or intellectual property) that compromises the information of our customers or team members could result in widespread negative publicity, damage to our reputation, a loss of customers, additional costs, litigation claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, fines or penalties, legal fees, remediation costs, a negative impact on team member morale, or other impacts to our business. +Globally, cybersecurity attacks are increasing in number, and the threat actors are increasingly organized and well financed, or at times supported by state actors. In addition, geopolitical tensions or conflicts may create a heightened risk of 14 cybersecurity attacks. Although we employ security technologies and practices and have taken other steps to try to prevent a breach, there are no assurances that such measures will prevent or detect cybersecurity breaches, and we may nevertheless not have the resources or technical sophistication to prevent rapidly evolving types of cyberattacks. The techniques that may be used to obtain unauthorized access to or to sabotage systems change frequently, and we may not be able to anticipate these techniques and implement adequate preventative, responsive or protective measures. As these threats continue to evolve and increase, including due to the use of artificial intelligence by us and third parties, we continue to invest significant resources, and may be required to invest significant additional resources, to modify and enhance our cybersecurity controls and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. We maintain a dedicated insurance policy covering cybersecurity risks, and such insurance coverage may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, but this policy is subject to a retention amount and may not be applicable to a particular incident or otherwise may be insufficient to cover all our losses beyond any retention. Based on recent court rulings, there is uncertainty as to whether traditional commercial general liability policies will be construed to cover the expenses related to cyberattacks and breaches if credit and debit card information is stolen. We have been, and likely will continue to be, the target of cyber and other security threats. If we experience a security breach, we could become subject to ransom demands, or claims, lawsuits or other proceedings for purportedly fraudulent transactions arising out of the theft of credit or debit card information, compromised security and information systems, failure of our team members to comply with applicable laws, the unauthorized acquisition or use of such information by third parties, or other similar claims, and such demands, claims, lawsuits or other proceedings could have a material and adverse effect on our operations, results of operations, and financial condition. Compliance with cybersecurity, privacy and similar laws may involve significant cost and any failure to comply could adversely affect our business, reputation, and results of operations. The statutory and regulatory environment surrounding information security, privacy, and other matters involving consumer protection is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing laws and requirements. Compliance with these laws and requirements can be costly and time-consuming, and the costs could adversely impact our results of operations due to necessary system changes and the development of new administrative processes. Security breaches could also result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws and subject us to private consumer, business partner or securities litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings, any of which could result in our exposure to material civil or criminal liability. We are required to maintain the highest level of Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards compliance at our store support center and stores. If we do not maintain the required level of compliance, we could be subject to costly fines or additional fees from the card brands that we accept or lose our ability to accept those payment cards. Additionally, an increasing number of government and industry groups have established laws and standards for the protection of personal and health information. Risks Related to the Entertainment and Restaurant Industries Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property could harm our business. We regard our intellectual property as having significant value and being important to our marketing efforts. We use a combination of intellectual property rights, such as trademarks and trade secrets, to protect our brands, including Dave & Buster’s ® , Power Card ® , Eat & Play Combo ® , Eat Drink Play ® , Eat Drink Play Watch ® , Main Event ® , Main Event Entertainment ® , and Eat.Bowl.Play ® , as well as certain other proprietary processes and information material to our business. The success of our business strategy depends, in part, on our continued ability to use our intellectual property rights to increase brand awareness and further develop our branded products in both existing and new markets. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, we may lose an important advantage in the markets in which we compete. If third parties misappropriate or infringe our intellectual property, the value of our image, brands and the goodwill associated therewith may be diminished, our brands may fail to achieve and maintain market recognition, and our competitive position may be harmed, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our revenues. Policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult, and we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent the violation or misappropriation of such intellectual property rights by others. To protect our intellectual property, we may become involved in litigation, which could result in substantial expenses, divert the attention of management, and adversely affect our revenue, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot be certain that our products and services do not and will not infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. Any such claims, regardless of merit, could be time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle, divert the attention of management, cause significant delays, materially disrupt the conduct of our business, and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We could also be required to pay a substantial damage award, take a royalty-bearing license, discontinue the use of third-party products used within our operations and/or rebrand our products and services as a result of any such claims. 15 Our success depends upon our ability to recruit and retain qualified store management and operating personnel while also controlling our labor costs. We must continue to attract, retain, and motivate qualified management and operating personnel to maintain consistency in our service, hospitality and quality, and the atmosphere of our stores, and also to support future growth. Adequate staffing of qualified personnel is a critical factor impacting our customers’ experience in our stores. Our ability to attract and retain qualified management and operating personnel has become more challenging due to an increasingly competitive job market. If we are unable to attract and retain a satisfactory number of qualified management and operating personnel, labor shortages could delay the planned openings of new stores or adversely impact the operation of our existing stores. Any such delays, material increases in team member turnover rates in existing stores or widespread team dissatisfaction could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Low unemployment coupled with increases in minimum wages and minimum tip credit wages, extensions of personal and other leave policies, other governmental regulations affecting labor costs, reduced levels of legal immigration and a diminishing pool of potential team members, which has been exacerbated by potential team members choosing to exit the workforce, in general, and for the hospitality industry in particular, especially in certain localities, have increased and may continue to significantly increase our labor costs and make it more difficult to fully staff our restaurants, any of which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. The federal minimum wage and tip credit wage are under constant political scrutiny and may be increased or eliminated in favor of significantly more mandated benefits than what is currently required under federal law. Should such increases occur, state and local jurisdictions that have historically mandated higher wages and greater benefits than what is required under federal law may seek to further increase wages and mandated benefits. In addition to increasing the overall wages paid to our minimum wage and tip credit wage earners, these increases create pressure to increase wages and other benefits paid to other team members who, in recognition of their tenure, performance, job responsibilities and other similar considerations, historically received a rate of pay exceeding the applicable minimum wage or minimum tip credit wage. Because we employ a large workforce, any wage increase and/or expansion of benefits mandates will have a particularly significant impact on our labor costs. Our vendors, contractors and business partners are similarly impacted by wage and benefit cost inflation, and many have or will increase their prices for goods, construction and services to offset their increasing labor costs. Our labor expenses include significant costs related to our self-insured health, pharmacy and dental benefit plans. Health care costs continue to rise and are especially difficult to project given that material increases in costs associated with medical claims, or an increase in the severity or frequency of such claims, may cause health care costs to vary substantially from quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year. Any significant changes to the health care insurance system could also impact our health care costs. Material increases in health care costs could materially adversely affect our financial performance. While we seek to offset labor cost increases through menu and game price increases, more efficient purchasing practices, productivity improvements, greater economies of scale and by offering a variety of health plans to our team members, including lower-cost high-deductible health plans, there can be no assurance that these efforts will be successful. If we are unable to effectively anticipate and respond to increased labor costs, our financial performance could be materially adversely affected. Also, our team members and others may attempt to unionize our workforce, establish boycotts or picket lines or interrupt our supply chains, which could limit our ability to manage our workforce effectively, cause disruptions to our operations and materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our labor costs may significantly increase if we become unable to effectively manage our workforce and the compensation and benefits we offer to our team members, which also could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly due to various risks and unforeseen circumstances, including increases in costs, seasonality, weather, acts of violence or terrorism and other factors outside our control. Certain regions in which our stores are located have been, and may in the future be, subject to natural disasters, such as earthquakes, floods, fires, and hurricanes. Depending upon its magnitude, a natural disaster could severely damage our stores, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Additionally, a natural or man-made disaster at our store support center, game repair facility, data center, or backup data facility could significantly impact our ability to provide services and systems to our stores. We currently maintain property and business interruption insurance through the aggregate property policy for each of our stores. Any act of violence at or threatened against our stores or the centers in which they are located, including active shooter situations and terrorist activities, may result in restricted access to our stores and/or store closures in the short term and, in the long term, may cause our customers and team members to avoid visiting our stores. Natural disasters such as earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, and severe adverse weather conditions, climate change and health pandemics can keep 16 customers in the affected area from visiting our stores, adversely affect consumer spending and confidence levels and supply availability and costs, cause damage to, or closure of, our stores and result in lost opportunities for our stores. Any such situation could adversely impact cash flows and make it more difficult to fully staff our stores, which could materially adversely affect our business. Our receipt of proceeds under any insurance we maintain with respect to some of these risks may be delayed or the proceeds may be insufficient to cover our losses fully. Our operating results may fluctuate significantly due to seasonal factors. Typically, our third quarter, which encompasses the back-to-school fall season, has historically had lower revenues compared to other quarters. Revenues associated with the spring and year-end holidays are typically higher. As a result, factors affecting peak seasons could have a disproportionate effect on our results. For example, the number of days between Thanksgiving and New Year’s Day and the days of the week on which Christmas and New Year’s Eve fall affect the volume of business generated during the December holiday season and can affect our results for the full fiscal year. In addition, unfavorable weather conditions during the winter and spring seasons could have a significant adverse impact on our results. Our operations are susceptible to the changes in cost and availability of commodities and other products, which could negatively affect our operating results. Our profitability depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in commodity and other product costs. Various factors beyond our control, including adverse weather conditions, governmental regulation and monetary policy, product availability, recalls of food products, disruption of our supplier manufacturing and distribution processes due to public health crises or pandemics, and seasonality, may affect our commodity costs or cause a disruption in our supply chain. We have multiple short-term supply contracts with a limited number of suppliers. If any of these suppliers do not perform adequately or otherwise fail to distribute products or supplies to our stores, we may be unable to replace the suppliers in a short period of time on acceptable terms or at all, which could increase our costs, cause shortages of food and other items at our stores and cause us to remove certain items from our menu. Changes in the price or availability of commodities for which we do not have short-term supply contracts could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Expiring contracts with our food suppliers could also result in unfavorable renewal terms and therefore increase costs associated with these suppliers or may necessitate negotiations with other suppliers. Other than short-term supply contracts for certain food items, we currently do not engage in futures contracts or other financial risk management strategies with respect to potential price fluctuations in the cost of food and other supplies. Also, the unplanned loss of a major distributor could adversely affect our business by disrupting our operations as we seek out and negotiate a new distribution contract. Further, a significant percentage of our inventory is directly or indirectly sourced outside the United States, and volatility in trade policy and tariffs could significantly increase our costs. If we pay higher prices for food or other product costs, our operating costs may increase, and, if we are unable to adjust our purchasing practices or pass any cost increases on to our customers, our operating results could be adversely affected. Our procurement of new games and entertainment offerings is contingent upon availability, and in some instances, our ability to obtain licensing rights. Our ability to continue to procure new games and entertainment offerings and other entertainment-related equipment is important to our business strategy. The number of suppliers from which we can purchase games and other entertainment-related equipment is limited. To the extent the number of suppliers declines, we could be subject to the risk of distribution delays, pricing pressure (including pressure imposed by tariffs), lack of innovation and other associated risks. We may not be able to anticipate and react to changing offerings cost by adjusting purchasing practices or game prices, and a failure to do so