ITEM 1. Business Dave & Buster’s Entertainment, Inc. (“D&B Entertainment”) is the owner and operator of 243 venues in North America that offer premier entertainment and dining experiences for both adults and families under the Dave & Buster's and Main Event brands. As of February 3, 2026, the Company had 179 Dave & Buster’s branded stores in 43 states, Puerto Rico, and Canada that offer guests the opportunity to “Eat Drink Play and Watch”, all in one location. Each store offers a full menu of entrées and appetizers, a complete selection of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, and an extensive assortment of entertainment attractions centered around playing games and watching live sports and other televised events. Internationally, the Company is in early-stage growth as a franchisor of the Dave & Buster’s brand, with four franchised locations currently open. As of February 3, 2026, the Company also has 64 Main Event stores in 22 states across the United States. Main Event offers food, drinks and entertainment, including state-of-the-art bowling, laser tag, arcade games and virtual reality, making it the perfect place for families to connect and make memories. Unless otherwise provided in this report, references to “Dave & Buster’s,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” refer to D&B Entertainment and its wholly owned subsidiaries and any predecessor entities. All dollar amounts are presented in millions, unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise requires, except for per share amounts. 2 Our fiscal year consists of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Tuesday after the Monday closest to January 31. During fiscal 2024, we adjusted the year-end day from Sunday to Tuesday to improve labor and operational efficiencies by ending the Company's periods outside of the busier weekend timeframe. Each quarterly period has 13 weeks, except in a 53-week year when the fourth quarter has 14 weeks. Fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 contained 52 weeks, while fiscal 2023 contained 53 weeks. We refer to our fiscal years ended February 3, 2026, February 4, 2025 and February 4, 2024 as “fiscal 2025,” “fiscal 2024,” and “fiscal 2023,” respectively, throughout this report. Entertainment Game play is a key aspect of the entertainment experience at each of our stores, which we believe is the core differentiating feature of our brands. The arcade in each of our stores is an area where we offer a wide array of entertainment options (including redemption, simulation, virtual reality, traditional arcade and other midway-style games and experiences), some of which are exclusive to our Dave & Buster's and Main Event brands on a permanent or temporary basis. Our Dave & Buster’s and Main Event stores average approximately 125 and 112 games, respectively. The number of entertainment options at any particular store depends on the location footprint and other activities offered, which may include bowling, laser tag, billiards and gravity ropes. Most of our games are activated by game play credits on cards or other radio-frequency identification devices. A customer purchases a card with game play credits or “chips” at an automated kiosk, through our mobile application, or from one of our team members. Our entertainment revenues accounted for approximately 62.9% of our total revenues during fiscal 2025. Redemption games offer our customers the opportunity to win tickets that are redeemable at a retail-style space in our stores with prizes ranging from branded novelty items to high-end electronics. We believe this “opportunity to win” creates a fun and highly energized social experience that is an important aspect of the in-store experience and cannot be easily replicated at home. Many of our non-redemption games, which include our virtual reality, video, and simulation offerings, can be played by multiple customers simultaneously and include some of the latest high-tech games that are commercially available. Sports viewing is another key component of the entertainment experience at Dave & Buster’s. All our stores have multiple large screen televisions and high-quality audio systems providing customers with a dedicated area for watching live sports and other immersive programming. The majority of our Dave & Buster's branded stores have an enhanced viewing experience with huge cutting-edge LED “Wow Walls” that deliver an elevated viewing experience and provide a platform for broader programming and marketing opportunities. Our sports-viewing areas offer an immersive viewing environment that provide customers with large, high-definition televisions, where customers watch national and local sports programming and enjoy our full bar and food menu. We strive to create an energetic environment that includes a differentiated and interactive viewing experience for customers. We believe these features create an energetic and social environment and support our strategy of positioning Dave & Buster’s as an entertainment destination. At Dave & Buster’s guests can enjoy arcade games, complemented by sports viewing, along with food and beverage offerings as part of an integrated entertainment experience. Food and Beverage We strive to differentiate our food with quality, flavorful offerings guided by a “modern American dining” identity at both our Dave & Buster’s and Main Event locations. These offerings are rooted in enhanced flavors and quality ingredients across a condensed number of menu items that enable our customers to explore new flavors while offering a balanced selection of familiar dishes. In recent years, we have modified our menus for simplified execution and made kitchen enhancements to allow us to deliver dishes to customers faster and drive an improved customer experience. During the third quarter of 2025, we launched our “back-to-basics” menu at our Dave & Buster’s stores, to bring back historically favored menu items and to add new menu options. We will continue to evolve our menus to reflect the changing tastes of our broad customer base, with options for full meals and appetizers to share with friends. We deliver high-quality offerings, including a wide variety of starters, one-of-a-kind burgers and handhelds, choice-grade steaks, pasta, and low calorie, vegetarian, and gluten-friendly options. We believe our broad menus offer something for everyone and are appropriate for many different occasions. To ensure that we stay on-trend, we continue to update our menus regularly with new food items or tailored promotions. Each of our locations also offers full bar service, including a variety of beers, hand-crafted cocktails, and premium spirits. We are focused on maintaining a streamlined beverage menu for ease of execution, while using quality ingredients including fresh juices, purees and house-made mixers. Beverage service is typically available throughout the entire store, allowing for multiple point-of-sale opportunities. We believe that our high margin beverage offering is complementary to the other offerings at each of our stores. 3 Competitive Positioning The out-of-home entertainment market is highly competitive. We compete for customers’ discretionary income on entertainment with localized attraction facilities such as movie theaters, sporting events, bowling alleys, sports activity centers, arcades and entertainment centers, night clubs and restaurants as well as theme parks. We also face competition from local, regional, and national establishments that offer similar entertainment experiences and restaurants that are highly competitive with respect to price, quality of service, location, ambience and type and quality of food. Some of these establishments may exist in multiple locations, and we may also face competition on a national basis in the future from other similar concepts. We also face competition from increasingly sophisticated home-based forms of entertainment, such as internet and video gaming and home movie streaming. The key elements that drive our total customer experience and help position us from a competitive standpoint include the following: High brand awareness with broad customer appeal . We believe that the customer experience at our stores, supported by our extensive marketing reach, has helped us create widely recognized brands. As of February 3, 2026, we had approximately 90% national brand awareness for Dave & Buster’s as an entertainment and dining venue, and a broad customer appeal across families and young adults. The primary target audience for our Dave & Buster’s locations is young adults and families, while our Main Event stores primarily focus on families with children. Multi-faceted customer experience highlights our value proposition. We believe that our combination of interactive games, attractive television viewing areas, high-quality dining, and full-service beverage offerings, delivered in a highly energized atmosphere, provides a multi-faceted customer experience that cannot be easily replicated at home or elsewhere without having to visit multiple destinations. We aim to offer our customers a value proposition comparable or superior to many separately available dining and entertainment options. We continuously work with game manufacturers and others to create new games and attractions that include content exclusively available at our Dave & Buster’s and Main Event stores on a permanent or temporary basis. Our new games in combination with new food and beverage offerings and focused attention to the customer experience are intended to help us to retain and generate customer traffic. Our value proposition is enhanced by marketing initiatives including unlimited game play offers or free game play as an introduction to new games, game play dollar volume discounts and eat and play promotional offers. We believe these initiatives encourage customers to participate more fully across our food, beverage, and entertainment offerings. Store models generate favorable store economics and strong returns. We believe our store models offering entertainment, food, and beverage options provide the benefit of historically higher revenue per store, higher gross margins, and higher operating income margins in comparison to traditional restaurant concepts. Our entertainment offerings have low variable costs, generating a gross margin of 91.9% for fiscal 2025. Because entertainment generated 62.9% of our fiscal 2025 revenues, we have less exposure to increasing food costs and associated restaurant labor than traditional restaurant concepts. As a result, our business model generates strong operating cash flow which we can use to reinvest in the business, pay down debt or return capital to shareholders through share repurchases or dividends. Our favorable store economics allow us to target new store returns of at least 30% and 25% cash-on-cash returns over one and five-year periods, respectively. We define and calculate cash-on-cash returns for an individual store as (a) Adjusted EBITDA (defined in Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”) at the store level, divided by (b) our net development costs. Net development costs include equipment, building, leaseholds and site costs, net of tenant improvement allowances and other landlord payments, sale-leaseback proceeds, excluding pre-opening costs and capitalized interest. Commitment to customer satisfaction. We aim to continuously enhance our entertainment, food, and beverage offerings through our service philosophy of providing a high quality and consistent customer experience through dedicated training and development of our team members, supported by a corporate culture that fosters employee engagement. 4 Strategy We have a multi-faceted growth strategy focused on the following key components: Drive growth in comparable store sales. We strive to differentiate our brands from other entertainment and dining alternatives and drive growth in our comparable sales through the following strategies: • Offer the latest entertainment to bring people together. We believe that our diverse offering of games and amusement activities is the core differentiating feature of our brands. Staying current with the latest amusement offerings promotes customer traffic to our stores and provides an exciting environment to enjoy with friends and family through the latest multiplayer games and challenges and social gaming experiences. We plan to continually update our games each year through the development of innovative and proprietary games and the purchase of new games that we believe will resonate with our customers to drive brand relevance due to a variety of factors, including their large scale, eye-catching appearance, association with recognizable brands, ability to be experienced by a group or the fact they cannot be easily replicated at home. We intend to extend our programming capabilities at our stores by offering more curated content and creating a calendar of ongoing and one-time events leveraging our investments in the best and latest audio-visual technology. We also plan to continuously review and update pricing of our games and amusement activities to provide affordable entertainment while remaining competitive with our peers. • Offer novel food & drink at competitive prices. We aim to offer a wide variety of craveable items at optimized prices for our guests. We strive to increase efficiency by simplifying execution, allowing us to deliver dishes to the table hotter and faster for an improved customer experience. We continually update and innovate our food offerings based on customer research and optimize our selections to improve execution efficiency. • Drive customer engagement through an optimized media mix and strategic loyalty offerings. We continue to review and optimize our media mix to both drive incremental visits from our existing customer base and increase new customer traffic. We maintain our focus on delivering personalized messaging that connects with consumers to drive incremental visitations and focus our advertising on our brand story and our attractive offerings. In addition, we continue to leverage our customer relationship management program and our growing loyalty database by delivering more targeted individualized offers, creative content, and exclusive offerings. • Refresh our existing sites. We consistently update our existing sites through regular maintenance. We will invest in remodels of certain existing stores, as needed, to modernize our layouts, maintain or grow customer traffic and drive efficiency. • Drive incremental sales volume through special event hosting . Our dedicated sales team strives to drive incremental special events traffic in each of our stores. We maintain our focus on opportunities to grow special events sales including optimized online booking and entertainment offerings tailored towards group events, and the introduction of ticketed experiences that allow smaller groups and individual guests to participate in themed or limited-time programming within our venues. We also offer elevated banquet menu offerings and dedicated service to provide an exceptional guest experience. • Drive an improved experience and optimize operations through targeted technology investments. We continue to streamline our service model through store-level technology improvements including kiosks and other self-service technology. We regularly invest in analytics tools and technology upgrades to more efficiently measure and improve performance, drive incremental sales, and continuously monitor costs and profitability. Invest domestically in our brands. We believe the Dave & Buster’s and Main Event brands have significant domestic growth opportunities in the United States. In fiscal 2025, we opened eight Dave & Buster's stores and three Main Event stores, in addition to the relocation of one Dave & Buster’s location. In fiscal 2026 and beyond, the number of openings will depend on many factors, including our ability to locate appropriate sites, negotiate acceptable purchase or lease terms, generate sufficient operating cash flows or have sufficient financing capacity to construct new stores, obtain necessary local governmental permits, and recruit and train team members. We select new site locations through an evaluation of a set of drivers we believe increase the probability of successful, high-volume stores, including: site quality, visibility, accessibility and traffic volume, population density, competitive presence and trade area demographics. The experience and established relationships derived from our development team enable us to focus our attention on the most relevant network of real estate brokers, which gives us access to a large pool of qualified potential store sites. 5 Dave & Buster's Stores - Our Dave & Buster's stores vary in size from approximately 16,000 to 70,000 square feet. To optimize sales per square foot and further enhance our store economics, we currently utilize three basic formats when designing new stores. The target size of our future large format stores is expected to be between 30,000 and 45,000 square feet, the target size of our future medium format stores is expected to be between 25,000 and 30,000 square feet and the target size of our small future format stores is expected to be 25,000 square feet. The stores we opened in fiscal 2025 averaged approximately 28,000 square feet. We believe the smaller store format allows us to reduce capital investment risk per store and enter smaller markets that would not have warranted the investment of a larger box. For the smaller format, we have reduced the back-of-house space and optimized the customer-facing area dedicated to simulation and redemption games. We believe the smaller format maintains the dynamic customer experience that is the foundation of our brand and allows us flexibility in our site selection process. Main Event Stores - Our Main Event stores vary in size from approximately 37,500 to 78,000 square feet. The target size of our future stores is between approximately 40,000 and 50,000 square feet. The Main Event stores we opened in fiscal 2025 averaged approximately 50,000 square feet. If an existing building exists at a target location, we could open a future store outside of this range depending on projected store economics, competition and various other factors. Invest in foreign operations We are expanding the Dave & Buster's brand through international franchise agreements. As of February 3, 2026, we have signed five international franchise partnerships, which will expand the Dave & Buster's brand to locations in India, Australia, the Dominican Republic, the Philippines and Mexico. Under these agreements, we currently plan to open a total of 37 franchised Dave & Buster's locations. We opened our first international franchise location in Bengaluru, Karnataka, India, in December 2024, followed by our second in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, in August 2025, our third in Manila, the Philippines, in October 2025 and our fourth in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, in February 2026. We currently have plans to open additional franchise locations in Mexico City, Mexico; Perth, Australia; and New Delhi, India in Fiscal 2026. To drive international expansion, we have developed key strategic initiatives that uniquely support global market penetration. The initiatives include a customizable footprint to drive improved economics in each market; focused menu localization with high regional resonance; a proprietary, dynamic pricing model; global marketing programs that are demographically agnostic and locally executable; differentiated entertainment strategies and packages unique to each demographic; localized entertainment, and third-party programming. We also own and operate two stores outside of the United States in the Canadian province of Ontario. The activities of stores outside the United States are subject to various risks of doing business in a foreign country, including currency fluctuations, changes in laws and regulations, and economic and political instability. We do not believe there is any dependence on or material risk to our domestic business related to our Canadian operations. Human Capital Management Our team members are the heart of our Company, and we depend on them to provide great customer service and to maintain strong operations. Our ability to attract and retain an engaged and experienced team is critical to the successful execution of our business strategies. While we continue to operate in a competitive labor environment, we believe our culture, policies, and labor practices contribute to strong relations with our team members. Our Culture Across the Company, we are committed to being fun creators. We are devoted to our service philosophy that calls for providing exceptional service to our customers and to each other every day. Our culture encourages intensity, hard work, and having fun. We firmly believe we are better together, and we encourage teamwork, empathy, and good judgment. We empower all team members to embrace innovation, change, and continuous learning and growth. Our Team As of February 3, 2026, we employed approximately 23,610 team members across both of our brands, consisting of 88.8% store hourly team members, 9.4% store management, 1.5% store support, and 0.3% dedicated special events sales force. 6 Our values unite us in a shared commitment to attract, retain, and engage qualified personnel to develop a team that reflects the characteristics of our customer base. We strive to provide a fun corporate atmosphere, which we believe promotes teamwork, helps our team members maximize their potential, enables our team members to make better business decisions, and fuels innovation. At Dave & Buster’s, we are committed to fostering a workplace where every individual is valued and respected, every voice is heard, every experience is valued, and every team member has equal opportunities for growth and advancement. We are proud of our progress, but we remain dedicated to continually advancing our efforts to build a vibrant, respectful, and supportive workplace. Our Leadership Team We are led by a strong senior management team with a wealth of experience with national brands spanning casual dining, entertainment, and other consumer-centric industries. We believe our management team’s prior experience, combined with its experience at Dave & Buster’s and Main Event, provides us with specialized insights into our customer base and enables us to create the dynamic environment that is core to our brands. Our Store Teams Our typical store team consists of a General Manager supported by an average of six to seven additional management positions per store. Management team members handle various departments within the store including responsibility for hourly team members. Our stores typically employ approximately 100 hourly team members, most of which are part-time. The General Manager and the management team are responsible for the day-to-day operations of the store, including the hiring, training, and development of team members, as well as financial and operational performance. There is a defined structure of development and progression of job responsibilities within the supporting management positions to help ensure that each store has an adequate succession plan. Each store is overseen by a Regional Operations Director, Senior Regional Operations Director or Vice President of Operations (collectively, “Regional Management”) who directly or indirectly reports to our executive team. We are proud of our store leadership teams’ experience and carefully monitor our store management team retention rates, which have consistently tracked in the top quartile of the casual dining industry. Attracting Talent We seek to hire experienced leaders and team members and offer competitive wage and benefit programs. We offer performance-based compensation programs to our store management and store support center employees. In addition to salaries, these programs (which vary by employee level) include bonuses, stock awards, and various employee assistance programs. In addition, our salaried and hourly team members are also eligible to participate in a 401(k) plan and medical/dental/vision insurance plans and to receive vacation/paid time off based on tenure. Developing Talent We motivate and develop our team members by providing them with opportunities for increased responsibilities and advancement. Throughout the year, we provide numerous training opportunities for our team members, with a focus on continuous learning and development. With hundreds of leadership positions across our stores, we provide a pathway and training for individuals across the organization to advance from entry-level jobs into management roles. In addition, our geographic footprint often allows us to offer our store team members relocation options. We strive to maintain quality and consistency through the extensive training and supervision of our team members and adherence to high standards relating to personnel performance, food and beverage preparation, safety protocols, game playability and maintenance. We provide new team members with comprehensive orientation and one-on-one training for their positions to help ensure they meet our high standards. New team members are trained by partnering with a trainer to help ensure that the training and information they receive is complete and accurate. Team members are certified for their positions by passing a series of tests, including alcohol awareness and responsibility training for service team members. We require our new store managers to complete an eight-week training program that includes front-of-house service, kitchen, amusements, and management responsibilities. Newly trained managers are then assigned to their location, where they receive additional training with their General Man