Item 1A. Risk Factors Below we have provided a summary of our key risk factors, followed by detail of these and other risks that should be reviewed when considering an investment in our securities. The risk factors set forth below are not all the risks we face and other factors that we face in the ordinary course of our business, that are currently considered immaterial or that are currently unknown to us may impact our future operations. Risk Factor Summary Risks Related to Our Business Results of Operations and Financial Condition. Our results of operations and financial condition could be impacted by many risks that are beyond our control, including the following: • cash distributions are not guaranteed and may fluctuate with our performance and other external factors; • general economic, financial, and political conditions, including the impact of tariffs; • the imposition or increase of tariffs on steel or other raw materials, or changes in trade agreements or trade relations; • changes in the prices of motor fuel; • demand for motor fuel, including consumer preference for alternative motor fuels or improvements in fuel efficiency; • demand for and supply of crude oil, refined products, renewable fuels, and anhydrous ammonia; • seasonal trends; • dangers inherent in the storage and transportation of motor fuel, crude oil, renewable fuels and anhydrous ammonia; • operational and business risks associated with our refinery, pipelines and fuel storage terminals; • tariff and/or contractually determined rates and fees we charge and the revenue we realize for our services; • domestic and foreign governmental laws, regulations, sanctions, embargoes, and taxes; • events or developments associated with our branded suppliers; • extreme weather events that may be more severe or frequent than historically experienced and that may be attributable to changes in climate due to adverse effects of an industrialized economy; • competition and fragmentation within the wholesale motor fuel distribution industry; • competition within the convenience store industry, including the impact of new entrants; • possible increased costs related to land use and facilities and equipment leases; • possible future litigation; • potential loss of key members of our senior management team; • failure to attract and retain qualified employees; • failure to insure against risks incident to our business; • terrorist attacks and threatened or actual war; • cybersecurity attacks, data breaches and other disruptions affecting us, or our service providers; • disruption of our information systems; • failure to protect sensitive customer, employee or vendor data, or to comply with applicable regulations relating to data security and privacy; • failure to obtain trade credit terms to adequately fund our ongoing operations; • our dependence on cash flow generated by our subsidiaries; and • potential impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. Acquisitions and Future Growth. Our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and future growth could be impacted by the following: • failure to make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, including as a result of recent increases in cost of capital resulting from Federal Reserve policies and changes in financial institutions’ policies or practices concerning businesses linked to fossil fuels, or to successfully integrate acquired assets; • any acceleration of the domestic and/or international transition to a low carbon economy as a result policy changes or otherwise; and • failure to manage risks associated with acquisitions. 21 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Regulatory Matters. Our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and future growth could be impacted by the following: • significant expenditures or liabilities resulting from federal, state, provincial and local laws, regulations and bylaws pertaining to environmental protection, operational safety, pipeline safety or the Renewable Fuel Standard (“RFS”) or Canada’s federal and provincial renewable fuel blending and fuel emissions-intensity legislation, including the Clean Fuel Regulations and Low Carbon Fuels Act; • changes in demand for motor fuel, crude oil, renewable fuels or other petroleum products resulting from federal, state and/or provincial regulations that may discourage the use or storage of petroleum products; • significant expenditures or penalties associated with federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern the product quality specifications of refined petroleum products we purchase and sell; • changes in federal, state or local laws and regulations pertaining to the facilities and operations of third parties that supply fuel to or transport for our storage terminals; • laws, regulations and policies governing the rates, terms and conditions of our services; • failure to recover the full amount of increases in the costs of our pipeline or refinery operations; • costs and liabilities resulting from performance of pipeline integrity programs and related repairs; • new or more stringent pipeline safety controls or enforcement of legal requirements; • impacts to our business as a result of the energy transition and legislative, regulatory and financial risks relating to climate change; and • regulatory provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) and the rules adopted thereunder. Indebtedness. Our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, as well as our ability to make distributions and the market value of our common units, could be impacted by the following: • our debt levels; • increases in interest rates, including the impact to the relative value of our distributions to yield-oriented investors; and • restrictions and financial covenants associated with our debt agreements. Risks Related to Our Structure Our General Partner. Our stakeholders could be impacted by risks related to our General Partner, including: • our General Partner’s and its affiliates’ conflicts of interest with us and contractually-limited duties; • our General Partner’s limited liability regarding our obligations; • our General Partner’s ability to approve the issuance of partnership securities and specify the terms of such securities; and • cost reimbursements due to our General Partner and its affiliates for services provided to us or on our behalf. Our Partnership Agreement. Our stakeholders could be impacted by risks related to our Partnership Agreement, including: • the requirement that we distribute all of our available cash; • the limited liability and duties of our General Partner and restrictions on the remedies available for actions taken; • the potential need to issue common units in connection with a resetting of the target distribution levels related to our IDRs; • our common unitholders’ limited voting rights and lack of rights to elect our General Partner or its directors; • limitations on our common unitholders’ ability to remove our General Partner without its and SunocoCorp’s consent; • potential transfer of the General Partner interest or the control of our General Partner to a third party; • the potential requirement for unitholders to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price; • our ability to issue additional units without unitholder approval; • potential sales of substantial amounts of our common units in the public or private markets; • restrictions on the voting rights of unitholders owning 20% or more of our outstanding common units; • the dependence of our distributions primarily on our cash flow and not solely on profitability; • our unitholders’ potential liability to repay distributions; and • the lack of certain corporate governance requirements by the NYSE for a publicly traded partnership like us. Tax Risks to Unitholders Our unitholders could be impacted by tax risks, including: • our potential to be taxed as a corporation or otherwise become subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation; • the potential for our unitholders to be required to pay taxes on their share of our income even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us; and • unique tax issues faced by tax-exempt entities from owning common units. 22 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Detail of Risk Factors Related to Our Business Results of Operations and Financial Condition Cash distributions are not guaranteed and may fluctuate with our performance and other external factors. Cash distributions to unitholders is principally dependent upon cash generated from operations. The amount of cash generated from operations will fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, which include, among others: • demand for motor fuel in the markets we serve, including the result of secular trends towards increased usage of electric vehicles and/or seasonal fluctuations in demand for motor fuel; • competition from other companies that sell motor fuel products or have convenience stores in the market areas in which we or our commission agents or dealers operate; • the amount of crude oil and refined petroleum products transported through our subsidiaries’ pipelines; • the level of competition from other midstream, transportation and storage and retail marketing companies, refinery operators and other energy providers; • regulatory action affecting the supply of or demand for motor fuel, crude oil, refined petroleum products, our operations, our existing contracts or our operating costs; • prevailing economic conditions; • the price of crude oil, feedstock at our refining operations and refined petroleum products; • rising interest rates and slowing economic growth; • the accelerated transition to a low carbon economy; • geopolitical events such as the conflicts in Ukraine and Venezuela and political instability in the Middle East; • supply, extreme weather and logistics disruptions; and • volatility of margins for motor fuel. In addition, the actual amount of cash we will have available for distribution will depend on other factors such as: • the level and timing of capital expenditures we make; • the cost of acquisitions, if any; • our debt service requirements, distributions on our Series A Preferred Units and other liabilities; • fluctuations in our general working capital needs; • reimbursements made to our General Partner and its affiliates for all direct and indirect expenses they incur on our behalf pursuant to the Partnership Agreement; • our ability to borrow funds at favorable interest rates and access capital markets; • restrictions contained in debt agreements to which we are a party; • the level of costs related to litigation and regulatory compliance matters; and • the amount of cash reserves established by our General Partner in its discretion for the proper conduct of our business. If our cash flow from operations is insufficient to satisfy our needs, we cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain bank financing or access the capital markets. Further, incurring additional debt may significantly increase our interest expense and financial leverage and issuing additional limited partner interests may result in significant unitholder dilution and would increase the aggregate amount of cash required to maintain the cash distribution rate which could materially decrease our ability to pay distributions. If additional capital resources are unavailable to us, our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions could be materially adversely affected. Changes in U.S. administrative policy, including the imposition of or increases in tariffs on steel and/or other raw materials, changes to existing trade agreements and any resulting changes in international trade relations, may have an adverse effect on us. We own and operate pipelines and terminals and, like others in our industry, we use significant amounts of steel in our projects and rely on our ability to obtain that steel in an affordable way to maintain our operating margins. Any imposition of or increase in tariffs 23 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements on steel and/or other raw materials could increase our growth project costs, which may impact the profitability of new projects and our maintenance capital expenditures, potentially in excess of budgeted amounts. On March 12, 2025 the U.S. government imposed a 25% tariff on steel imports, which was increased to 50% on June 4, 2025, and on April 2, 2025, the U.S government announced a 10% tariff on product imports from almost all countries and individualized higher tariffs on certain other countries. Several tariff announcements have been followed by announcements of limited exemptions and temporary pauses. These actions have caused uncertainty and volatility in financial markets and may result in retaliatory measures on U.S. goods. The ultimate impact of these tariffs is unknown at this time. Additionally, ongoing changes in U.S. and foreign government trade policies, including potential modifications to existing trade agreements and further restrictions on free trade, could introduce additional uncertainty. Any escalation of trade tensions, additional tariffs, retaliatory measures by foreign governments or shifts in U.S. or international trade policies could adversely impact our supply chain and increase costs, particularly on our expansion projects. A trade war or other significant changes in trade regulations could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our business could be negatively impacted by the inflationary pressures which may decrease our operating margins and increase working capital investments required to operate our business. The U.S. inflation rate remained relatively stable through 2024 and 2025, after an extended period of rising rates, which began in 2022. A sustained increase in inflation may continue to increase our costs for labor, services and materials, which, in turn, could cause our operating costs and capital expenditures to increase. Further, our customers face inflationary pressures and resulting impacts, such as the tight labor market and supply chain disruptions. The rate and scope of these various inflationary factors may increase our operating costs and capital expenditures materially, which may not be readily recoverable in the prices of our services and may have an adverse effect on our costs, operating margins, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, the Federal Reserve and other central banks have implemented policies in an effort to curb inflationary pressure on the costs of goods and services across the U.S., including the significant increases in prevailing interest rates that occurred during 2022 and 2023 as a result of the 525 aggregate basis point increase in the federal funds rate, and the associated macroeconomic impact on slowdown in economic growth could negatively impact our business. While the Federal Reserve reduced benchmark interest rates by 100 basis points in late 2024, and 75 basis points in late 2025, the prospect of additional interest rate cuts remains uncertain and the continuation of rates at the current level could have the effects of raising the cost of capital and depressing economic growth, either of which—or the combination thereof—could hurt the financial and operating results of our business. General economic, financial, and political conditions, including the impact of tariffs, may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. General economic, financial, and political conditions may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For example, on March 12, 2025, the U.S. government imposed a 25% tariff on steel imports, which was increased to 50% on June 4, 2025, and on April 2, 2025, the U.S. government announced a 10% tariff on product imports from almost all foreign countries and individualized higher tariffs on certain other countries. Several tariff announcements have been followed by announcements of limited exemptions and temporary pauses. These actions have caused uncertainty and volatility in financial markets and may result in retaliatory measures on U.S. goods. It is possible that our operations may be affected by the resulting volatility in pricing and demand. Similarly, declines in consumer confidence and/or consumer spending, changes in unemployment, significant inflationary or deflationary changes or disruptive regulatory or geopolitical events could contribute to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and our markets, including the market for our goods and services, and lead to demand or cost pressures that could negatively and adversely impact our business. These conditions could affect each of our business segments. Examples of such conditions could include: • a general or prolonged decline in, or shocks to, regional or broader macro-economies; • regulatory changes that could impact the markets in which we operate, such as immigration, tariffs or trade reform laws or regulations prohibiting or limiting hydraulic fracturing, which could reduce demand for or supply of our goods and services or lead to pricing, currency, or other pressures; and • deflationary economic pressures, which could hinder our ability to operate profitably in view of the challenges inherent in making corresponding deflationary adjustments to our cost structure. In addition, volatility in the capital markets resulting from tariff announcements could also limit our ability to access capital on favorable terms, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to finance new projects and/or acquisitions. The nature of these types of risks, which are often unpredictable, makes them difficult to plan for, or otherwise mitigate, and they are generally uninsurable—which compounds their potential impact on our business. 24 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Our financial condition and results of operations are influenced by changes in the prices of motor fuel, crude oil, refinery feedstock or refined petroleum products, which may adversely impact our margins, our customers’ financial condition and the availability of trade credit. Our operating results are influenced by prices for motor fuel, crude oil, refinery feedstock and refined petroleum products. General economic and political conditions, acts of war or terrorism and instability in oil producing regions, particularly in the Middle East, South America, Russia and Africa could significantly impact crude oil supplies, refinery feedstock and refined product petroleum costs. Significant increases or high volatility in petroleum costs could impact consumer demand for motor fuel and convenience merchandise. Such volatility makes it difficult to predict the impact that future petroleum costs fluctuations may have on our operating results and financial condition. We are subject to dealer tank wagon pricing structures at certain locations further contributing to margin volatility. A significant change in any of these factors could materially impact both wholesale and retail fuel margins, the volume of motor fuel we distribute or sell, and overall customer traffic, each of which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Significant increases in wholesale motor fuel prices could impact us as some of our customers may have insufficient credit to purchase motor fuel from us at their historical volumes. Higher prices for motor fuel may also reduce our access to trade credit support or cause it to become more expensive. A significant decrease in demand for motor fuel, crude oil, refinery feedstock or refined petroleum products, including increased consumer preference for alternative motor fuels or improvements in fuel efficiency or a material shift toward electric or other alternative-power vehicles, in the areas we serve would reduce our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Sales of refined motor fuels accounted for approximately 92% of Sunoco’s total revenues and 42% of Sunoco’s profit for the year ended December 31, 2025. A significant decrease in demand for motor fuel in the areas we serve could significantly reduce our revenues and our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Our revenues are dependent on various trends, such as trends in commercial truck traffic, travel and tourism in our areas of operation, and these trends can change. Regulatory action, including government imposed fuel efficiency standards, may also affect demand for motor fuel. Because certain of our operating costs and expenses are fixed and do not vary with the volumes of motor fuel we distribute, our costs and expenses might not decrease ratably or at all should we experience such a reduction. As a result, we may experience declines in our profit margin if our fuel distribution volumes decrease. Any technological advancements, regulatory changes or changes in consumer preferences causing a significant shift toward alternative motor fuels could reduce demand for the conventional petroleum based motor fuels we currently sell. Additionally, a shift toward electric, hydrogen, natural gas or other alternative-power vehicles could fundamentally change our customers’ shopping habits or lead to new forms of fueling destinations or new competitive pressures. New technologies have been developed and from time to time governmental mandates have been implemented to improve fuel efficiency, which may ultimately result in decreased demand for petroleum-based fuel. For example, the EPA previously finalized new criteria pollutant and GHG emissions standards for light and medium-duty vehicles, including passenger cars, vans, pickups, sedans and sport utility vehicles for model years 2027 through 2032 and beyond. However, following the change in U.S. presidential administrations, the EPA in February 2026 finalized rules rescinding these standards and the GHG “Endangerment Finding,” which underpins the majority of EPA’s GHG regulations and GHG emissions standards for new motor vehicles and engines. Additionally, the Trump Administration has taken steps to reduce or eliminate incentives for zero-emission vehicles, and OBBBA, passed by Congress in July 2025, eliminates electric vehicle credits previously available for new and used electric vehicles and commercial fleets. However, we cannot predict whether or not these regulatory repeals will ultimately be successful or if future administrations may seek to restore incentives and further promote or mandate the adoption of electric vehicles. Any of these or similar actions could result in fewer visits to our convenience stores or independently operated commission agents and dealer locations, a reduction in demand from our wholesale customers, decreases in both fuel and merchandise sales revenue, or reduced profit margins, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Similarly, any sustained decrease in demand for crude oil, refined products, refinery feedstock, renewable fuels or anhydrous ammonia in the markets our pipelines and terminals serve that extends beyond the expiration of our existing throughput and deficiency agreements could result in a significant reduction in throughputs in our pipelines and storage in our terminals, which would reduce our cash flows and impair our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Factors that tend to decrease market demand include: • a recession, high interest rates, inflation or other adverse economic conditions that result in lower spending by consumers on gasoline, diesel and travel; • events that negatively impact global economic activity, travel and demand generally; • higher fuel taxes or other governmental or regulatory actions that increase, directly or indirectly, the cost of gasoline; • an increase in aggregate automotive engine fuel economy; 25 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • new government and regulatory actions or court decisions requiring the phase out or reduced use of gasoline-fueled vehicles; • the increased use of and public demand for use of alternative fuel sources or electric vehicles; • an increase in the market price of crude oil that increases refined product prices, which may reduce demand for refined products and increase demand for alternative products; and • adverse weather events resulting in decreased corn acres planted, which may reduce demand for anhydrous ammonia. The industries in which we operate are subject to seasonal trends, which may cause our operating costs to fluctuate, affecting our cash flow. We rely in part on consumer travel and spending patterns, and may experience more demand for gasoline in the late spring and summer months than during the fall and winter. Travel, recreation and construction are typically higher in these months in the geographic areas in which we or our commission agents and dealers operate, increasing the demand for motor fuel that we sell and distribute. Therefore, our revenues and cash flows are typically higher in the second and third quarters of our fiscal year. As a result, our results from operations may vary widely from period to period, affecting our cash flow. The dangers inherent in the storage and transportation of motor fuel, crude oil, refinery feedstock, refined petroleum products and anhydrous ammonia could cause disruptions in our operations and could expose us to potentially significant losses, costs or liabilities. Our operations are subject to significant hazards and risks inherent in transporting and storing motor fuel crude oil, refinery feedstock, refined petroleum products, and anhydrous ammonia. These hazards and risks include, but are not limited to, traffic accidents, fires, explosions, spills, discharges, and other releases, any of which could result in distribution difficulties and disruptions, environmental pollution, governmentally-imposed fines or clean-up obligations, personal injury or wrongful death claims, and other damage to our properties and the properties of others. Any such event not covered by our insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Additionally, our pipelines, terminals, storage assets and refinery operations are generally long-lived assets, and some have been in service for many years. The age and condition of our assets could result in increased maintenance or repair expenditures in the future. If any of our facilities, or those of our customers or suppliers, suffer significant damage or are forced to shut down for a significant period of time, it may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition as a whole. Our pipelines, fuel storage terminals and refinery are subject to operational and business risks which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Our pipelines, fuel storage terminals and refinery are subject to operational and business risks, the most significant of which include the following: • our inability to renew a ground lease for certain of our pipelines or fuel storage terminals or at the Burnaby Refinery on similar terms or at all; • our dependence on third parties to supply our fuel storage terminals and refinery feedstock; • outages on our pipelines or at our fuel storage terminals or the Burnaby Refinery or interrupted operations due to weather-related or other natural causes; • the threat that the nation’s terminal infrastructure and the Burnaby Refinery may be a future target of terrorist organizations; • the volatility in the prices of the products transported on our pipelines or stored at our fuel storage terminals or our refinery feedstock and the resulting fluctuations in demand for our storage services; • the effects of a sustained recession or other adverse economic conditions; • the possibility of federal and/or state regulations that may discourage our customers from transporting or storing gasoline, diesel fuel, ethanol and jet fuel at our fuel storage terminals or reduce the demand by consumers for petroleum products, and possibility of federal, state or provincial regulation in Canada, particularly with respect to the Burnaby Refinery; • competition from other pipelines and fuel storage terminals that are able to provide our customers with comparable transportation service or storage capacity at lower prices or from other refineries servicing the Lower Mainland in Canada; and • climate change legislation or regulations that restrict emissions of GHGs could result in increased operating and capital costs and reduced demand for our transportation and storage services. The occurrence of any of the above situations, among others, may affect operations at our fuel storage terminals or the Burnaby Refinery and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 26 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Negative events or developments associated with our branded suppliers could have an adverse impact on our revenues. We believe that the success of our operations is dependent, in part, on the continuing favorable reputation, market value, and name recognition associated with the motor fuel brands sold at our convenience stores and at stores operated by our independent, branded dealers and commission agents. Erosion of the value of those brands could have an adverse impact on the volumes of motor fuel we distribute, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Severe weather, which may increase in frequency and intensity due to climate change, could adversely affect our business by damaging our suppliers’ or our customers’ facilities or communications networks. A substantial portion of our wholesale distribution, refinery operations and retail networks are located in regions susceptible to severe storms, including hurricanes. A severe storm could damage our facilities or communications networks, or those of our suppliers or our customers, as well as interfere with our ability to distribute motor fuel to our customers or our customers’ ability to operate their locations. If warmer temperatures, or other climate changes, lead to changes in extreme weather events, including increased frequency, duration or severity, these weather-related risks could become more pronounced. Any weather-related catastrophe or disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, potentially causing losses beyond the limits of the insurance we currently carry. The wholesale motor fuel distribution industry is characterized by intense competition and fragmentation. Failure to effectively compete could result in lower margins. The market for distribution of wholesale motor fuel is highly competitive and fragmented, which results in narrow margins. We have numerous competitors, some of which may have significantly greater resources and name recognition than us. We rely on our ability to provide value-added, reliable services and to control our operating costs in order to maintain our margins and competitive position. If we fail to maintain the quality of our services, certain of our customers could choose alternative distribution sources and our margins could decrease. While major integrated oil companies have generally continued a strategy of limited direct retail operation and the corresponding wholesale distribution to such sites, such major oil companies could shift from this strategy and decide to distribute their own products in direct competition with us, or large customers could attempt to buy directly from the major oil companies. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We compete with other midstream service providers, including certain major energy and chemical companies, that possess, or have greater financial resources to acquire, assets better suited to meet customer demand, which could undermine our ability to obtain and retain customers or reduce utilization of our assets, which could adversely affect our revenues and cash flows, thereby reducing our ability to make our quarterly distributions to unitholders. We face competition in all aspects of our business and can give no assurances that we will be able to compete effectively against our competitors. Our competitors include major energy and chemical companies, some of which have greater financial resources, more pipelines or storage terminals, greater capacity pipelines or storage terminals and greater access to supply than we do. Certain of our competitors also have advantages in competing for acquisitions or other new business opportunities because of their financial resources and synergies in operations. As a consequence of increased competition in the industry or market conditions, some customers are and others may be in the future reluctant to renew or enter into long-term contracts or contracts that provide for minimum throughput amounts. Our inability to renew or replace a significant portion of our current contracts as they expire, to enter into contracts for newly acquired, constructed or expanded assets and to respond appropriately to changing market conditions would have a negative effect on our revenue, cash flows and ability to make quarterly distributions to our unitholders. The convenience store industry is highly competitive and impacted by new entrants. Failure to effectively compete could result in lower sales and lower margins. The geographic areas in which we operate and supply independently operated commission agent and dealer locations are highly competitive and marked by ease of entry and constant change in the number and type of retailers offering products and services of the type we and our independently operated commission agents and dealers sell in our stores. Our convenience stores and the commission agents and dealer locations we supply compete with other convenience store chains, independently owned convenience stores, motor fuel stations, supermarkets, drugstores, discount stores, dollar stores, club stores, mass merchants and local restaurants. Over the past two decades, several non-traditional retailers, such as supermarkets, hypermarkets, club stores and mass merchants, have impacted the convenience store industry, particularly in the geographic areas in which we operate and supply, by entering the motor fuel retail business. These non-traditional motor fuel retailers have captured a significant share of the motor fuels market, and we expect their market share will continue to grow. In some of our markets, our competitors have been in existence longer and have greater financial, marketing, and other resources than we or our independently operated commission agents and dealers do. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond better to changes in the economy and new opportunities within the industry. To remain competitive, we must constantly analyze consumer 27 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements preferences and competitors’ offerings and prices to ensure that we offer a selection of convenience products and services at competitive prices to meet consumer demand. We must also maintain and upgrade our customer service levels, facilities and locations to remain competitive and attract customer traffic to our stores. We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and competitive pressures faced by us could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We do not own all of the land on which our retail service stations are located, and we lease certain facilities and equipment, and we are subject to the possibility of increased costs to retain necessary land use which could disrupt our operations. We do not own all of the land on which our retail service stations are located. We have rental agreements for approxim ately 61% of the Partnership, commission agent or dealer operated retail service stations where we currently control the real estate. We also have rental agreements for certain logistics facilities. As such, we are subject to the possibility of increased costs under rental agreements with landowners, primarily through rental increases and renewals of expired agreements. We are also subject to the risk that such agreements may not be renewed. Additionally, certain facilities and equipment (or parts thereof) used by us are leased from third parties for specific periods. Our inability to renew leases or otherwise maintain the right to utilize such facilities and equipment on acceptable terms, or the increased costs to maintain such rights, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Like other pipeline and storage logistics services providers, certain of our pipelines, storage terminals and other facilities are located on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies that we have obtained the right to utilize for these purposes through contract (rather than through outright purchase). Many of our rights-of-way or other property rights are perpetual in duration, but others are for a specific period of time. In addition, some of our facilities are located on leased premises. A potential loss of property rights through our inability to renew right-of-way contracts or leases or otherwise retain property rights on acceptable terms or the increased costs to renew such rights could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows available for distribution to our unitholders. Our investment in the Burnaby Refinery is subject to operational risks, including commodity price and pricing pressure and environment, health and safety hazards. If any of the operational risks materialize our financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Following the Parkland Acquisition, we own and operate the Burnaby Refinery, which produces and supplies fuel within the Lower Mainland in BC. The Burnaby Refinery has two crude units, including a 25,000 barrel per day crude unit and a 30,000 barrel per day splitter, that are designed to process Canadian light and medium sweet crudes. Key operational risks at the Burnaby Refinery include: supply disruptions of crude oil and bio-feedstocks, product offtake contract issues or interruptions, operational availability, labor and material shortages, compliance with regulatory requirements, including GHG emission and low-carbon fuel intensity production requirements, and local community opposition. Major accidents could cause significant damage and may result in operational interruptions, loss of licenses, fines, reputational damage, injuries or fatalities. Large amounts of power, heat by way of natural gas and large volumes of water are used to refine crude oil, the supply of which is not in our control, and even a temporary interruption of power, natural gas or water could adversely affect continuous operations. Unanticipated costs and delays during maintenance may negatively impact our operational results. Scheduled and unscheduled maintenance and repairs at the Burnaby Refinery may reduce revenue and increase our operating costs, impacting our financial and operational results. Additionally, we contract with third parties for the supply of crude oil and other feedstock to the Burnaby Refinery. Crude oil sourced by the Burnaby Refinery is delivered from Alberta by the TMPL. Interruptions or apportionment on the TMPL’s pipeline system can result in us temporarily ceasing or decreasing processing operations at the Burnaby Refinery and may materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Burnaby Refinery could see variability in its crude deliveries as the capacity on the pipeline fluctuates from time to time, which can impact committed as well as uncommitted linespace, based on operating conditions and planned and/or unplanned maintenance. In addition to the TMPL line capacity, extreme or unexpected weather events may affect the operation of the TMPL. Significant operational delays, changes in tariffs and unanticipated costs could adversely impact the refinery. Refining gross margins are primarily driven by commodity prices and are a function of the difference between the costs of feedstock (primarily crude oil) and the market prices for the marketing of finished products (such as gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, lubricants, fuel oil and fuel and lubricant additives). Prices for commodities are determined by global and regional marketplaces and are influenced by many factors, including supply and demand balances, inventory levels, industry refinery operations, import and export balances, currency fluctuations, seasonal demand, political climate, disruptions at the refinery resulting from unplanned outages due to severe weather, fires or other operational events and plant capacity utilization. Sustained low refining margins may have an adverse effect on our revenue, profi