Item 1. Business General As used in this report, the terms “Partnership,” “Sunoco,” “we,” “us” or “our” should be understood to refer to Sunoco LP and our consolidated subsidiaries as applicable and appropriate. Overview We are a Delaware master limited partnership. We are managed by our General Partner, which is owned by Energy Transfer. As of February 13, 2026, Energy Transfer owned 100% of the membership interest in our General Partner, 28,463,967 of our common units and all of our IDRs. In addition, Energy Tra nsfer controls SunocoCorp, which owns all of the outstanding Class D Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership (“Class D Units”) and pursuant to the Delegation Agreement (as defined below) has been delegated Energy Transfer’s power and authority to appoint the board of directors of our General Partner. We are primarily engaged in energy infrastructure and distribution of motor fuels across 32 countries and territories in North America, the Greater Caribbean and Europe. Our midstream operations include an extensive network of over 14,000 miles of pipeline and over 160 terminals. Our fuel distribution operations distribute over 15 billion gallons annually to approximately 11,000 Sunoco and partner branded locations, as well as independent dealers and commercial customers. 5 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The following simplified diagram depicts our organizational structure as of February 13, 2026. Significant Achievements in 2025 Parkland Acquisition On October 31, 2025, we completed the previously announced acquisition of Parkland, whereby Sunoco Retail LLC (“Sunoco Retail”), a wholly owned corporate subsidiary of the Partnership, indirectly acquired all the outstanding shares of Parkland, in exchange for cash and SunocoCorp units that were contributed by SunocoCorp to the Partnership at the close of the Parkland Acquisition. Under the terms of the agreement, Parkland shareholders received 0.295 SunocoCorp units and C$19.80 for each Parkland share. Parkland shareholders could elect, in the alternative, to receive C$44.00 per Parkland share in cash or 0.536 SunocoCorp units for each Parkland share, subject to proration to ensure that the aggregate consideration payable in connection with the transaction would not exceed C$19.80 in cash per Parkland share outstanding as of immediately before close and 0.295 SunocoCorp units per Parkland share outstanding as of immediately before close. In connection with the closing of the Parkland Acquisition, we paid approximately $2.60 billion to Parkland’s shareholders and transferred 51,517,198 SunocoCorp common units, which we had received from SunocoCorp in exchange for our issuance of 51,517,198 Sunoco Class D Units to SunocoCorp. 6 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Parkland is a leading international fuel distributor, marketer and convenience retailer with operations in 26 countries across the Americas. Parkland’s functional currency is the Canadian dollar, and its consolidated structure includes subsidiaries with multiple other functional currencies. As part of the transaction, the Partnership repurposed and renamed an existing subsidiary as SunocoCorp. Prior to the Parkland Acquisition, SunocoCorp did not have any significant assets, liabilities or operations; in connection with the Parkland Acquisition, the Partnership deconsolidated SunocoCorp and SunocoCorp became a publicly traded entity classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. SunocoCorp units began trading on the NYSE effective November 6, 2025. Subsequent to the Parkland Acquisition, SunocoCorp holds Sunoco Class D Units, representing limited partnership interests in Sunoco that are generally economically equivalent to Sunoco’s publicly traded common units on the basis of one Sunoco Common Unit for each outstanding SunocoCorp unit. For a period of two years following closing of the transaction, Sunoco will ensure that SunocoCorp unitholders receive distributions on a per unit basis that are equivalent to the per unit distributions to Sunoco unithold ers. TanQuid Acquisition On January 16, 2026, the Partnership completed the previously announced acquisition of TanQuid for approximately €465 million (approximately $540 million as of January 16, 2026), includ ing approximately €300 million of assumed debt, less approximately €39 million of cash acquired. TanQuid owns and operates 15 fuel terminals in Germany and one fuel terminal in Poland. The transaction was funded using cash on hand and amounts available under the Partnership's Credit Facility. Other Acquisitions In the first quarter of 2025, Sunoco acquired fuel equipment, motor fuel inventory and supply agreements in two separate transactions for total consideration of approximately $17 million. Aggregate consideration included $12 million in cash and 91,776 newly issued Sunoco Common Units, which had an aggregate acquisition-date fair value of approximately $5 million. In the second quarter of 2025, Sunoco acquired a total of 151 fuel distribution consignment sites in three separate transactions for total consideration of approximately $105 million, plus working capital. Aggregate consideration included $92 million in cash and 251,646 newly issued Sunoco Common Units which had an aggregate acquisition-date fair value of approximately $13 million. In the third quarter of 2025, Sunoco acquired approximately 70 fuel distribution consignment sites and 100 supply agreements in five separate transactions for total cash consideration of approximately $85 million, plus working capital. In the fourth quarter of 2025, Sunoco acquired a total of 27 fuel distribution consignment sites and 36 dealer sites, as well as commercial customers, in four separate transactions for total cash consideration of approximately $64 million, plus working capital. These transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions, and the purchase price was primarily allocated to inventories, property, plant and equipment and other non-current assets. Available Information Our principal executive offices are located at 8111 Westchester Drive, Suite 400, Dallas, Texas 75225. Our telephone number is (214) 981-0700. Our Internet address is www.sunocolp.com. We make available through our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. Information contained on our website is not part of this report. The SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our Relationship with Energy Transfer One of our principal strengths is our relationship with Energy Transfer. As of February 13, 2026, Energy Transfer owned 100% of the membership interest in our General Partner, all of our IDRs and 28,463,967 of our common units and pursuant to the Delegation Agreement delegated its power and authority to appoint the board of directors of our General Partner to SunocoCorp, which is also controlled by Energy Transfer. Given the significant ownership, we believe Energy Transfer will be motivated to promote and support the successf ul execution of our business strategies. In particular, we believe it will be in the best interest of Energy Transfer to facilitate organic growth opportunities and accretive acquisitions of third parties, although Energy Transfer is not under any obligation to do so. Energy Transfer is one of the largest and most diversified midstream energy companies in North America. Energy Transfer, through its wholly owned operating subsidiaries, is primarily engaged in: • natural gas midstream, intrastate and interstate transportation and storage operations; and • crude oil, natural gas liquids (“NGL”) and refined products transportation, terminalling services, and acquisition and marketing activities as well as NGL storage and fractionation services and liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) regasification. 7 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Our Business and Operations Our business is comprised of four reportable segments: Fuel Distribution, Pipeline Systems, Terminals and Refinery. The following map depicts the major assets of our business and excludes corporate and field offices and certain assets that are less significant to Sunoco. This map includes the assets of TanQuid, which the Partnership acquired on January 16, 2026; however, the descriptions of our business and operations by segment below exclude TanQuid, given the timing of the transaction subsequent to December 31, 2025. Fuel Distribution Segment We are a distributor of motor fuels and other petroleum products that we supply to customers that include third-party dealers and distributors, commission agent operators, and commercial businesses, in addition to our directly operated convenience retail facilities. We are the largest independent fuel distributor in the Americas and are the exclusive wholesale distributor of Sunoco, Aloha, Sol, Pioneer, Fas Gas, Ultramar and EcoMaxx-branded motor fuels, supplying an extensive distribution network of customer and company operated locations. We also are one of the largest distributors of Chevron, Texaco, ExxonMobil and Valero branded motor fuel in the Americas. The other petroleum products that we distribute include marine fuel, aviation fuel, propane and lubricating oil. The fuel distribution channel also provides for revenue associated with credit card services, franchise royalty offerings, and rental income from controlled properties leased to independent operators. 8 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We purchase motor fuel primarily from independent refiners and major oil companies and distribute it across the United States, Canada and the Greater Caribbean to: • approximately 9,200 retail facilities operated by independent customer operators, which we refer to as “dealers” or “distributors,” pursuant to long-term distribution agreements; • approximately 1,300 independently operated commission agent locations where we sell motor fuel to customers under commission agent arrangements, which we refer to as “commission agents”; • approximately 330 company operated convenience retail facilities; and • over 13,000 other commercial businesses, including retail stores, other fuel distributors, municipalities and industrial customers. Dealer and Distributor Business In 2025, we distributed fuel under long-term contracts to our approximately 9,200 dealer and distributor customers. These customers buy fuel directly from us and sell the fuel to consumers at the pump. Sunoco-branded supply contracts generally have both time and volume commitments that establish contract duration. The supply contracts require, among other things, that the customers maintain the operating standards established by the applicable brand. Commission Agent Business During 2025, our Fuel Distribution business distributed fuel to approximately 1,300 commission agent locations. Under these arrangements, we control motor fuel inventory and price at the site. Similarly to our dealer and distributor business channels, the customers are responsible for operating standards established by the applicable brand. The dealer, distributor and commission agent business channels continue to grow and remain an attractive part of our company performance. We continually seek to expand through the addition of new branded dealers, distributors and commission agent locations, new commercial customers and through acquisitions of contracts for existing independently operated sites from other distributors. We evaluate potential new customers based on the quality of their facilities and operations, including the facility’s size and location, projected monthly volumes of motor fuel, and operating experience. We may extend credit to certain customers based on our credit evaluation process. Company Operated Retail Business Sunoco owns and operates convenience retail facilities in desirable markets including Hawaii, certain markets of the US mainland and on the New Jersey Turnpike, which is one of the most heavily traveled highways in the nation. These directly operated facilities further provide for complementary revenue to our fuel distribution given their expanded service offerings including merchandise sales. Unbranded Customers Business We distribute unbranded fuel to numerous other customers, including retail facilities and commercial businesses, municipalities and a multitude of commercial company customers, which also remains an attractive and growing part of our fuel distribution business segment. These customers are primarily commercial, governmental and other parties who buy motor fuel by the load or in bulk and who do not always enter into exclusive contractual relationships with us. We also sell propane, lubricating oil and other petroleum products, such as heating fuels, to our customers on both a spot and contracted basis. With the addition of Parkland, Sunoco’s lubricant business now spans large portions of Canada, western U.S. and throughout the Caribbean. In addition, we receive income from the manufacture and distribution sale of race fuels at our Marcus Hook, Pennsylvania manufacturing facility. Fuel Supplier Arrangements We distribute branded motor fuel under the Aloha, Chevron, Citgo, Conoco, EcoMaxx, Exxon, Mahalo, Mobil, Phillips 66, Shamrock, Shell, Sunoco, Texaco and Valero brands. We purchase branded motor fuel from major oil companies and refiners under supply agreements. Our largest branded fuel suppliers in terms of volume are Chevron, Exxon, Phillips 66 and Valero. The branded fuel supply agreements generally have an initial term of three to five years. We also distribute motor fuel, which we purchase in bulk, on a rack basis based upon prices posted by the refiner at a fuel supply terminal or on a contract basis with the price tied to one or more market indices. Bulk Fuel Purchases We purchase motor fuel in bulk and hold it in inventory or transport it via pipeline, barge, vessel, truck or rail. To mitigate inventory risk, we use commodity futures contracts or other derivative instruments, which are matched in quantity and timing to the anticipated usage of the inventory. We also blend in various additives, including ethanol and biomass-based diesel. We purchase fuel globally from Asia, Europe, Africa, South America and North America. Our scale of operation allows us to provide a lower cost of supply. This operation not only supplies our network but mitigates exposure to volatility, supply disruptions, and geopolitical risks. 9 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Transportation Logistics We provide transportation logistics for most of our motor fuel deliveries through our own fleet of fuel transportation vehicles as well as third-party and affiliated transportation providers. In Canada, we predominately distribute through third-party carriers and independent brokers. We arrange for motor fuel to be delivered from the storage terminals to the appropriate sites in our distribution network at prices consistent with those historically charged to third parties for the delivery of fuel. We also deliver motor fuel, propane and lubricating oils to commercial customers involved in petroleum exploration and production. We operate a waterborne logistics network, including the use of both Jones Act and foreign flag vessels, which is a critical component of our supply chain. The fleet supports sourcing crude and refined product barrels from diverse supply origins, including Asia, South America, U.S. Gulf Coast, Canada, and Europe, and facilitates delivery to downstream customers and storage locations. By maintaining a globally distributed sourcing footprint, we reduce reliance on any single region and capture arbitrage opportunities. The integration of our marine operations allows us to optimize inventory, manage transit times, and reduce overall logistics costs. Sunoco also operates blending operations across the U.S. East Coast, Gulf Coast and the Caribbean markets, creating additional supply advantages while meeting regulated specifications. Technology Technology is an important part of our Fuel Distribution segment. While our technology solutions can vary by country and acquisitions must be integrated, we utilize a proprietary web-based system that allows our wholesale customers to access their accounts at any time. We use Internet-based systems to assist with fuel inventory management and procurement and an integrated distribution fuel system for financial accounting, procurement, billing and inventory management. Sale of Regulated Products In certain areas where our convenience stores are located, state or local laws limit the hours of operation for the sale of alcoholic beverages and restrict the sale of alcoholic beverages and tobacco products to persons younger than a certain age. State and local regulatory agencies have the authority to approve, revoke, suspend or deny applications for and renewals of permits and licenses relating to the sale of alcoholic beverages, as well as to issue fines to convenience stores for the improper sale of alcoholic beverages and tobacco products. Failure to comply with these laws may result in the loss of necessary licenses and the imposition of fines and penalties on us. Pipeline Systems Segment Our Pipeline Systems segment includes an integrated pipeline and terminal network comprised of approximately 6,000 miles of refined product pipeline (including the pipeline of J.C. Nolan), approximately 6,000 miles of crude oil pipeline (including the pipelines of ET-S Permian), approximately 2,000 miles of ammonia pipeline and 69 terminals. The following details our pipelines and storage facilities, excluding our investments in J.C. Nolan and ET-S Permian, in the Pipeline Systems segment: Description of Assets Miles of Pipeline Storage Capacity (Barrels) Southwest Crude and Refined Products System Panhandle Refined Product System 1,991 1,740,000 Panhandle Crude System 547 1,795,000 Valley Refined Products System 1,005 2,486,000 Valley Crude System 474 6,117,000 Total Southwest Crude and Refined Products System 4,017 12,138,000 Mid-Continent Refined Product System East Pipeline 2,147 5,906,000 North Pipeline 446 1,771,000 Total Mid-Continent Refined Product System 2,593 7,677,000 Mid-Continent Ammonia System Ammonia Pipeline 2,021 19,000 Total Ammonia System 2,021 19,000 Total 8,631 19,834,000 10 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements J.C. Nolan Through our investment in J.C. Nolan, we provide diesel fuel storage in Midland, Texas with storage capacity of 130,000 barrels, and transport diesel fuel from a tank farm in Hebert, Texas to Midland, Texas on a 500 mile pipeline with a throughput capacity of approximately 36 thousand barrels per day. ET-S Permian Through our investment in ET-S Permian, we operate more than 5,000 miles of crude oil and water gathering pipelines and provide crude oil storage capacity in excess of 11 million barrels. Terminals Segment Through our Terminals segment, we operate four transmix processing facilities and 83 terminals (two in Europe, six in Hawaii, nine in Canada, 13 in the Greater Caribbean and 53 in the continental United States). Transmix is the mixture of various off-specification refined products created in the supply chain (primarily in pipelines and terminals) when various products interface with each other. Transmix processing plants separate this mixture and return it to merchantable products of gasoline and distillates. Our terminals provide storage and distribution services to support our fuel distribution business and other third-party customers. Refinery Segment Our Refinery segment is composed of the Burnaby Refinery, which was acquired in the Parkland Acquisition, with an operational capacity of approximately 55,000 barrels per day. The refinery consumes primarily sweet conventional crude oil and sweet synthetic crude oil to produce gasoline, diesel and jet fuel among other products. The refinery meets federal and provincial regulations for lower carbon intensity transportation fuels through a combination of co-processing of bio feedstocks (i.e. canola oil, tallow, tall oil and others) and blending of low-carbon intensity fuels such as bio-diesel, renewable diesel, ethanol and others. Fuel from the refinery is sold primarily through Sunoco-owned retail network in British Columbia (“BC”), directly to Vancouver International Airport, and to commercial and cardlock customers. SARA Sunoco owns a 29% interest in SARA, which is a refinery based in Martinique with operations to sell refined crude oil in Guadeloupe, French Guiana and Martinique. Real Estate and Lease Arrangements As of December 31, 2025, our real estate and lease arrangements were as follows: Owned Leased Dealer and commission agent sites 822 1,877 Company-operated retail stores 732 605 Warehouses, offices and other 307 210 Total 1,861 2,692 Competition In the Fuel Distribution segment, we compete primarily with other independent motor fuel distributors. The markets for distribution of motor fuel and the retail store industry are highly competitive and fragmented, which result in narrow margins. We have numerous competitors, some of which may have significantly greater resources and name recognition than we do. Significant competitive factors include the availability of major brands, customer service, price, range of services offered and quality of service, among others. We rely on our ability to provide value-added, reliable service and control our operating costs in order to maintain our margins and competitive position. Additionally, we face strong competition in the market for the sale of retail gasoline and merchandise. Our competitors include service stations of large integrated oil companies, independent gasoline service stations, convenience stores, fast food stores, supermarkets, drugstores, dollar stores, club stores and other similar retail outlets, some of which are well-recognized national or regional retail systems. The number of competitors varies depending on the geographical area. Competition also varies with gasoline and convenience store offerings. The principal competitive factors affecting our retail marketing operations include gasoline and diesel acquisition costs, site location, product price, selection and quality, site appearance and cleanliness, hours of operation, store safety, customer loyalty and brand recognition. We compete by pricing gasoline competitively, combining our retail gasoline business with convenience stores that provide a wide variety of products, and using advertising and promotional campaigns. In the Pipeline Systems segment, we compete primarily with common carrier and proprietary pipelines owned and operated by major integrated and large independent oil companies and other pipeline companies in our service areas. Competition between common carrier pipelines is based primarily on transportation charges, quality of customer service and proximity to end users. Trucks may deliver products competitively for short-haul destinations; however, trucking costs render that mode of transportation noncompetitive with pipeline options for long-haul destinations or for larger volumes. 11 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements In the Terminals segment, we compete primarily with both major energy and chemical companies as well as independent terminal owners. Although major energy and chemical company terminals often have the same capabilities as terminals owned by independent operators, they generally do not provide terminalling services to third parties. In many instances, even major energy and chemical companies that have storage and terminalling facilities are also significant customers of independent terminal operators, especially terminals located in cost-effective locations near key transportation links, such as deep-water ports. Major energy and chemical companies also need independent terminal storage when their proprietary storage facilities are inadequate due to size constraints, the nature of the stored material or specialized handling requirements. Independent terminal owners generally compete on the basis of the location and versatility of terminals, service and price. A favorably located terminal will have access to various cost-effective transportation modes both to and from the terminal. Transportation modes typically include waterways, railroads, roadways and pipelines. Terminal versatility is a function of the operator’s ability to offer complex handling requirements for diverse products. The services typically provided by the terminal include, among other things, the safe storage of the product at specified temperature, moisture and other conditions, as well as receipt at and delivery from the terminal, all of which must comply with applicable environmental regulations. A terminal operator’s ability to obtain attractive pricing is often dependent on the quality, versatility and reputation of the facilities owned by the operator. Operators with versatile storage capabilities typically require less modification prior to usage, ultimately making the storage cost to the customer more attractive. On the West Coast, regulatory priorities continue to increase demand for renewable fuels in the region, while at the same time, obtaining permits for greenfield projects remains difficult, which both add more value to our existing assets. In the Refinery segment, our Burnaby Refinery competes with other refineries owned by major energy companies. The majority of the Burnaby Refinery’s production remains in Brit