Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Tabular dollar amounts, except per gallon data, are in millions) The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. Additional discussion and analysis related to the Partnership is contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 included therein. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure of performance that has limitations and should not be considered as a substitute for net income or other GAAP measures. Please see “Key Measure Used to Evaluate and Assess Our Business” below for a discussion of our use of Adjusted EBITDA in this “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and a reconciliation to net income for the periods presented. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Some of the information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, regarding our strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. Statements using words such as “believe,” “plan,” “could,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “forecast,” “assume,” “estimate,” “continue,” “position,” “predict,” “project,” “goal,” “strategy,” “budget,” “potential,” “will” and other similar words or phrases are used to help identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. Descriptions of our objectives, goals, targets, plans, strategies, costs, anticipated capital expenditures, expected cost savings and benefits are also forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our current plans and expectations and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to vary materially from the results and events anticipated or implied by such forward-looking statements, including: • our ability to integrate acquisitions from affiliates or third parties, including the ability to successfully integrate Parkland's business; • business strategy and operations of Energy Transfer and its conflicts of interest with us; • changes in the price of and demand for the motor fuel that we distribute and our ability to appropriately hedge any motor fuel we hold in inventory; • our dependence on limited principal suppliers; • competition in the wholesale motor fuel distribution and retail store industry; • changing customer preferences for alternate fuel sources or improvement in fuel efficiency; • volatility of fuel prices or a prolonged period of low fuel prices and the effects of actions by, or disputes among or between, oil producing countries with respect to matters related to the price or production of oil; • any acceleration of the domestic and/or international transition to a low carbon economy as a result of policy changes or otherwise; • the possibility of cyber and malware attacks; • changes in our credit rating, as assigned by rating agencies; • a deterioration in the credit and/or capital markets, including as a result of recent increases in cost of capital resulting from Federal Reserve policies and changes in financial institutions’ policies or practices concerning businesses linked to fossil fuels; • general economic conditions, including sustained periods of inflation, supply chain disruptions, new, increased and reciprocal tariffs and associated central bank monetary policies; • environmental, tax and other federal, state and local laws and regulations; • the macroeconomic, regulatory or other potential effects of a prolonged government shutdown; • changes to, and the application of, regulation of tariff rates and operational requirements related to our joint ventures’ and subsidiaries’ interstate and intrastate pipelines, including the impact on the raw materials; 24 • political and economic conditions and events in the U.S. and in foreign oil, natural gas and NGL producing countries, including embargoes, political and regulatory changes implemented by the Trump Administration and foreign investments, continued hostilities in the Middle East, including the Israel-Hamas conflict, conflict with Iran and other sustained military campaigns, the armed conflict in Ukraine and associated economic sanctions on Russia, conditions in South America, including most recently in Venezuela, Central America and China and acts of terrorism or sabotage; • the fact that we are not fully insured against all risks incident to our business; • dangers inherent in the storage and transportation of motor fuel; • our ability to manage growth and/or control costs; • our ability to successfully identify and consummate strategic acquisitions at purchase prices that are accretive to our financial results and to successfully integrate acquired businesses; • our reliance on senior management, supplier trade credit and information technology; and • our partnership structure, which may create conflicts of interest between us and our General Partner and its affiliates, and limits the fiduciary duties of our General Partner and its affiliates. All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. Many of the foregoing risks and uncertainties are, and will be, heightened by any further worsening of the global business and economic environment. New factors that could impact forward-looking statements emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all such factors. Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described or referenced in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on February 19, 2026 occur, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. When considering forward-looking statements, please review the risks described or referenced under the heading “Part II - Item 1A. Risk Factors” here in, including the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on February 19, 2026. The list of factors that could affect future performance and the accuracy of forward-looking statements is illustrative but by no means exhaustive. Accordingly, all forward-looking statements should be evaluated with the understanding of their inherent uncertainty. The forward-looking statements included in this report are based on, and include, our estimates as of the filing of this report. We anticipate that subsequent events and market developments will cause our estimates to change. However, we specifically disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, except as required by law, even if new information becomes available in the future. In addition to risks and uncertainties in the ordinary course of business that are common to all businesses, important factors that are specific to our structure as a limited partnership, our industry and our company could materially impact our future performance and results of operations. Overview As used in this Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the terms “Partnership,” “we,” “us” or “our” should be understood to refer to Sunoco LP and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. We are a Texas master limited partnership primarily engaged in energy infrastructure and distribution of motor fuels across 33 countries and territories in North America, the Greater Caribbean and Europe. Our midstream operations include an extensive network of approximately 14,000 miles of pipeline and over 170 terminals. Our fuel distribution operations distribute ove r 15 billion gallons annually to approximately 11,000 Sunoco and partner branded locations, as well as independent dealers and commercial customers. Recent Developments TanQuid Acquisition On January 16, 2026, the Partnership completed the acquisition of TanQuid for €206 million ( $239 million ) and assumed debt with a fair value of €298 million ( $346 million as of January 16, 2026). TanQuid owns and operates 15 fuel terminals in Germany and one fuel terminal in Poland. The transaction was funded using cash on hand and amounts available under the Partnership's Credit Facility. 25 Delta Acquisition On April 1, 2026, the Partnership completed the acquisition of Delta for approximately $81 million, excluding cash acquired and net working capital.. Delta owns and operates terminals and fuel distribution assets across five Caribbean markets. The transaction was funded using cash on hand and amounts available under the Partnership's Credit Facility. Other Acquisitions In the first and second quarters of 2026, the Partnership completed other acquisitions for total cash consideration of approximately $50 million and $22 million, respe ctively, plus working capital. Thes e transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions. On August 5, 2026, the Partnership entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a U.S.-based fuel distribution network in an all-cash transaction valued at approximately $600 million. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2026, subject to customary closing conditions. Regulatory Update OECD Pillar Two Global Minimum Tax The acquisition of Parkland brought Sunoco into the scope of the Pillar Two global minimum tax regime. Several jurisdictions in which Sunoco now operates have enacted legislation implementing the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Pillar Two global minimum tax framework. These rules generally impose a 15% minimum top-up tax on the profits of large multinational enterprises. Sunoco estimates its Pillar Two global minimum tax expense to be immaterial in 2026 and has not accrued any current tax expense related to Pillar Two during the six months ended June 30, 2026. On January 5, 2026, the OECD released new guidance that provides relief for U.S. parented multinationals and establishes a side-by-side framework for the U.S. tax system to coexist with Pillar Two global minimum tax. Effective for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2026, U.S. parented multinationals would be exempt from the main charging provisions of Pillar Two. Sunoco will continue to estimate and potentially accrue Pillar Two global minimum tax until the relevant jurisdictions in which Sunoco operates enact the side-by-side framework into law. Interstate Common Carrier Regulation In December 2020, the FERC issued an order setting the indexed rate at the Producer Price Index for Finished Goods (PPI-FG) plus 0.78% during the five-year period commencing July 1, 2021 and ending June 30 , 2026. The FERC received requests for rehearing of its December 17, 2020 order and on January 20, 2022, granted rehearing and modified the oil index. Specifically, for the five-year period commencing July 1, 2021 and ending June 30, 2026, FERC-regulated liquids pipelines charging indexed rates were permitted to adjust their indexed ceilings annually by PPI-FG minus 0.21%. The FERC directed liquids pipelines to recompute their ceiling levels for July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2022, as well as the ceiling levels for the period July 1, 2022 through June 30, 2023, based on the new index level. Where an oil pipeline’s filed rates exceeded its ceiling levels, the FERC ordered such oil pipelines to reduce the rate to bring it into compliance with the recomputed ceiling level to be effective March 1, 2022. Some parties sought rehearing of the January 20, 2022 order with the FERC, which was denied by the FERC on May 6, 2022. Certain parties appealed the January 20 and May 6 orders. On July 26, 2024, the D.C. Circuit ruled in LEPA v. FERC that the FERC violated the Administrative Procedure Act because the January 20, 2022 order modified the index without following notice and comment. As a result, the D.C. Circuit vacated the January 20, 2022 order and on September 17, 2024, the FERC reinstated the index level established by its original December 17, 2020 order, directed pipelines to file an informational filing to show their recomputed ceiling levels reflecting the reinstated index level and stated that pipelines could file to prospectively increase their indexed rates to their recomputed levels. On October 17, 2024, the FERC issued a Supplemental Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (“Supplemental NOPR”) that proposed a reduction to the then-effective index by one percent. On November 20, 2025, the FERC withdrew the Supplemental NOPR and confirmed that the PPI-FG-0.78% index established in its December 17, 2020 order will remain in effect through June 30, 2026. On the same day, the FERC issued an Order Denying Rehearing of the Reinstatement Order and Granting Remedial Relief (“Remedial Relief Order”), which granted remedial relief to liquids pipelines for the period of March 1, 2022 to September 17, 2024 (the “Locked-In Period”), when the lower index was effective under the order vacated by the D.C. Circuit in LEPA v. FERC, but only if such pipelines charged the maximum rate allowed under the applicable index ceiling during the relevant time period. Parties have since filed requests for clarification or rehearing, as well as court appeals, to determine whether pipelines may recover rate differences in other scenarios. Those requests a nd appeals remain pending. Also on November 20, 2025, the FERC issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on the 2026 Five-Year Oil Pipeline Index (“2026 Index NOPR”), proposing to use the Producer Price Index for Finished Goods (“PPI-FG”) minus 1.42% as the index level beginning July 1, 2026 to June 30, 2031. The NOPR proceeded through the standard notice-and-comment process, with comments submitted in late 2025 and early 2026. 26 On December 18, 2025, the FERC issued an Order Denying Petition for Emergency Relief (“Emergency Relief Order Denial”), which denied a petition requesting emergency relief from invoices issued by a liquid pipeline company to recover amounts of indexed rates for the Locked-In Period and explained that, consistent with the Remedial Relief Order, pipelines that charged the maximum rates permitted under the FERC’s now-vacated January 20, 2022 rehearing order during the Locked-In Period may invoice shippers to recover the amounts that would have been chargeable under the December 17, 2020 order. In January 2026, multiple shippers filed petitions for review at the D.C. Circuit challenging the FERC’s November 20, 2025 orders, including the (i) R emedial Relief Order, (ii) Order Terminating Supplemental NOPR, and (iii) Emergency Relief Order Denial. These appeals are pending. On April 24, 2026, the FERC issued an order setting the indexed rate at PPI-FG minus 0.55% during the five-year period commencing July 1, 2026 through June 30, 2031 (“Index Order”). Following issuance of the final rule on April 24, 2026, shippers and other parties filed petitions for review with the D.C. Circuit challenging the Index Order. Those petitions are pending. Separately, on December 15, 2022, the FERC had issued a Proposed Policy Statement on Oil Pipeline Affiliate Committed Service, which addressed whether a contract for committed transportation service complies with the Interstate Commerce Act (“ICA”) where the only shipper to obtain the committed service is an affili ate of the regulated entity. The proposed policy statement would have created a rebuttable presumption that affiliate contracts are unduly discriminatory and not just and reasonable in certain circumstances and required a pipeline to produce additional evidentiary support for affiliate contracts rates and terms. On February 19, 2026, the FERC withdrew the proposed policy statement on the basis that the record contained insufficient evidence of discriminatory open season terms and conditions to merit an industry-wide policy statement. The FERC noted, however, that it would continue to address issues related to affiliated-only committed service in individual proceedings . On May 21, 2026, the FERC issued a notice of proposed rulemaking to revise its blanket certificate regulations to expand the scope and scale of projects that interstate natural gas pipelines may construct without a case-specific authorization order and to increase the cost limits for such projects, among other changes. Regulation of Intrastate Crude Oil and Products Pipelines In addition to federally regulated body oversight, various states, including Colorado, Kansas, Louisiana, North Dakota and Texas, maintain commissions focused on the rates and practices of common carrier pipelines offering services within their borders. Although the applicable state statutes and regulations vary, they generally require that intrastate pipelines publish tariffs setting forth all rates, rules and regulations applying to intrastate service, and generally require that pipeline rates and practices be just, reasonable and nondiscriminatory. Shippers may challenge tariff rates, rules and regulations on our pipelines. In most instances, state commissions have not initiated investigations of the rates or practices of pipelines in the absence of shipper complaints. There are no pending challenges or complaints regarding our tariffs or tariff rates. In addition, as noted above, the rates, terms and conditions for shipments of crude oil or petroleum products on Sunoco’s pipelines could be subject to regulation by the FERC under the ICA and the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (“EPAct of 1992”) if the crude oil or petroleum products are transported in interstate or foreign commerce whether by its pipelines or other means of transp ortation. Since Sunoco does not control the entire transportation path of all crude oil or petroleum products shipped on our pipelines, FERC regulation could be triggered by our customers’ transportation decisions. Regulation of Interstate Ammonia Pipelines Our ammonia pipeline is sub ject to regulation by the Surface Transportation Board (the “STB”) pursuant to the ICA applicable to such pipelines (which differs from the ICA applicable to interstate liquids pipelines). Under that regulation, the ammonia pipeline’s rates, classifications, rules and practices related to the interstate transportation of anhydrous ammonia must be reasonable and, in providing interstate transportation, the ammonia pipeline may not subject a person, place, port or type of traffic to unreasonable discrimination. Similar to the crude and refined products pipelines, the rates for transportation services on the ammonia pipeline are required to be in a tariff which is posted publicly on Sunoco’s website, however, that tariff is not required to be on file with the STB. The STB does not prescribe an indexing approach similar to the EPAct of 1992 but rates under the STB must be reasonable and the pipeline may not subject a person, place, port or type of traffic to unreasonable discrimination. 27 Key Measure Used to Evaluate and Assess Our Business Adjusted EBITDA, as used throughout this document, is defined as net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation, amortization and accretion expense, non-cash compensation expense, gains and losses on disposal of asset, non-cash impairment charges, losses on extinguishment of debt, unrealized gains and losses on commodity derivatives, inventory valuation adjustments, certain foreign currency transaction gains and losses and certain other operating expenses reflected in net income that we do not believe are indicative of ongoing core operations. Inventory valuation adjustments that are excluded from the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA represen t changes in lower of cost or market reserves on the Partnership's inventory; these amounts are unrealized valuation adjustments applied to fuel volumes remaining in inventory at the end of the period. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, read “Key Operating Metrics and Results of Operations” below. We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors in evaluating our operating performance because: • Adjusted EBITDA is used as a performance measure under our Credit Facility; • securities analysts and other interested parties use Adjusted EBITDA as a measure of financial performance; and • our management uses Adjusted EBITDA for internal planning purposes, including aspects of our consolidated operating budget and capital expenditures. Adjusted EBITDA is not a recognized term under GAAP and does not purport to be an alternative to net income as a measure of operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and one should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations include: • it does not reflect interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our Credit Facility or senior notes; • although depreciation, amortization and accretion are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated, amortized and accreted will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash requirements for such replacements; and • as not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Adjusted EBITDA reflects amounts for the unconsolidated affiliates based on the same recognition and measurement methods used to record equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates. Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates excludes the same items with respect to the unconsolidated affiliates as those excluded from the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA, such as interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, accretion and other non-cash items. Although these amounts are excluded from Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates, such exclusion should not be understood to imply that we have control over the operations and resulting revenues and expenses of such affiliates. Sunoco does not control its unconsolidated affiliates; therefore, Sunoco does not control the earnings or cash flows of such affiliates. The use of Adjusted EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates as an analytical tool should be limited accordingly. 28 Results of Operations Consolidated Results Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2026 2025 Change 2026 2025 Change Segment Adjusted EBITDA: Fuel Distribution $ 504 $ 206 $ 298 $ 1,033 $ 426 $ 607 Pipeline Systems 190 177 13 369 349 20 Terminals 113 71 42 220 137 83 Refinery 175 — 175 218 — 218 Adjusted EBITDA (consolidated) $ 982 $ 454 $ 528 $ 1,840 $ 912 $ 928 Three Months Ended June 30, Six Months Ended June 30, 2026 2025 Change 2026 2025 Change Reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA: Net income $ 283 $ 86 $ 197 927 $ 293 $ 634 Depreciation, amortization and accretion 282 154 128 568 310 258 Interest expense, net 204 123 81 405 244 161 Non-cash unit-based compensation expense 7 5 2 13 9 4 (Gain) loss on disposal of assets and impairment charges 3 (2) 5 2 1 1 Loss on extinguishment of debt — 17 (17) 1 19 (18) Unrealized (gains) losses on commodity derivatives (6) (7) 1 50 (8) 58 Inventory valuation adjustments 18 40 (22) (426) (21) (405) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates (47) (31) (16) (89) (63) (26) Adjusted EBITDA related to unconsolidated affiliates 75 51 24 144 101 43 Other non-cash adjustments 84 11 73 131 22 109 Income tax expense 79 7 72 114 5 109 Adjusted EBITDA (consolidated) $ 982 $ 454 $ 528 $ 1,840 $ 912 $ 928 Net Inco me . For the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to the same periods last year, net income increased by $197 million and $634 million, or approximately 229% and 216%, respectively, primarily due to higher Segment Adjusted EBITDA from all our segments, with the most significant increases driven by the Parkland Acquisition and other acquisitions; these increases were partially offset by increases in depreciation, amortization and accretion and interest expense. These increases and decreases are discussed further below. Adjusted EBITDA (consolidated) . For the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to the same periods last year, Adjusted EBITDA increased primarily due to the Parkland Acquisition and other acquisitions. Additional information on changes impactin g net incom e and comprehensive income (loss) and Adjusted EBITDA for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to the same periods last year is available below and in “Segment Operating Results.” Depreciation, Amortization and Accretion. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to the same periods last year, depreciation, amortization and accretion increased primarily due to additional depreciation and amortization from assets recently placed in service and from recent acquisitions. Interest Expense, net. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 compared to the same periods last year, interest expense increased primarily due to an increase in average total long-term debt, including debt assumed in the Parkland Acquisition. Loss on Extinguishment of Debt. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, loss on extinguishment of debt was primarily due to the termination of bridge financing related to the Parkland Acquisition. Unreal ized (Gains) Losses on C ommodity Derivatives. The unrealized gains and losses on our commodity derivatives represent the changes in fair value of our commodity derivatives. The change in unrealized gains and losses between periods is impacted by 29 the notional amounts and commodity price changes on our commodity derivatives. Additional information on commodity derivatives is included in “