Item 1. BUSINESS General KB Home is one of the largest and most trusted homebuilders in the U.S. We have been building homes for nearly 70 years, with over 700,000 homes built since our founding in 1957. We build a variety of new homes, including attached and detached single-family residential homes, townhomes and condominiums, designed primarily for first-time and first move-up, as well as second move-up and active adult, homebuyers. We offer homes in development communities, at urban in-fill locations and as part of mixed-use projects. Our homebuilding operations represent the majority of our business, accounting for 99.6% of our total revenues in 2025 . Our financial services operations, which accounted for the remaining .4% of our total revenues in 2025 , offer various insurance products to our homebuyers in the markets where we build homes and provide title services in certain of those markets. Our financial services operations also provide mortgage banking services, including residential consumer mortgage loan (“mortgage loan”) originations, to our homebuyers indirectly through KBHS Home Loans, LLC (“ KBHS ”), an unconsolidated joint venture between us and a third party. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms “we,” “our” and “us” used in this report refer to KB Home, a Delaware corporation, and its predecessors and subsidiaries. We also use the following terms in our business with the corresponding meanings: “home” is a single-family residence, whether it is a single-family home or other type of residential property; “homes delivered” are homes for which the sale has closed and title has passed to a customer; “community” is a single development in which new homes are constructed as part of an integrated plan; “community count” is the number of communities we have open for sales with at least five homes/lots left to sell; and “product” encompasses a home’s floor plan design and interior/exterior style, amenities, functions and features. The following charts present homebuilding revenues, net income and diluted earnings per share for the years ended November 30, 2021, 2023 and 2025, and book value per share as of November 30, 2021, 2023 and 2025: 2 Markets Reflecting the geographic scale of our homebuilding business, we have operations in the nine states and 49 major markets presented below. We also operate in various submarkets within these major markets. We may refer to these markets and submarkets collectively as our “served markets.” For reporting purposes, we organize our homebuilding operations into four segments — West Coast, Southwest, Central and Southeast. Segment States Major Market(s) West Coast California Contra Costa County, Fresno, Hollister, Los Angeles, Madera, Modesto, Oakland, Orange County, Riverside, Roseville, Sacramento, Salinas, San Bernardino, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose, Santa Rosa-Petaluma, Stockton, Vallejo, Ventura and Yuba City Idaho Boise Washington Bremerton, Olympia and Seattle Southwest Arizona Phoenix and Tucson Nevada Las Vegas Central Colorado Denver, Erie, Firestone and Loveland Texas Austin, Dallas, Fort Worth, Houston and San Antonio Southeast Florida Fort Myers, Jacksonville, Lakeland, Melbourne, Orlando, Palm Coast, Sarasota and Tampa North Carolina Charlotte, Durham-Chapel Hill, Fayetteville and Raleigh In 2025, we announced our reentry into the Atlanta, Georgia market. However, as of November 30, 2025 , we had not acquired land or commenced selling homes in that market. Business Strategy Overview . Our core business strategy, which we refer to as KB Edge , is to expand our operations primarily within our current geographic footprint to achieve a top-five position in each of our served markets (based on homes delivered). KB Edge is a systematic, fact-based and process-driven approach to homebuilding that is grounded in gaining a detailed understanding of consumers’ location and product preferences and product price-to-value perceptions. 3 KB Edge consists of the following key principles with respect to customers, land, products and production: • Customers . With our Built to Order ® homebuying process, we provide each of our homebuyers with a highly personalized experience where they can make a wide range of structural and design choices for their future new home, as discussed further below under “ Customer Obsession .” We believe this highly interactive, “customer-first” experience that puts our homebuyers firmly in control of designing the home they want based on what they value and how they want to live, at a price they can afford, gives us a meaningful and distinct competitive advantage over other homebuilders and resale and rental homes. In addition, we find our homebuyers build a strong emotional attachment to our products when they create a personalized home with the features and finishes they select. • Land . We seek to manage our working capital and reduce our operating risks by primarily acquiring entitled land parcels within attractive submarkets identified by our market research. We typically focus on metropolitan areas with favorable long-term economic and population growth prospects, and target land parcels that meet our investment return standards. We focus on investments that provide a one- to three-year supply of land or lots per product line, per community, and individual assets that are generally between 50 to 250 lots in size . Our land investment is sensitive to and will shift with local or national housing market environments or broader economic conditions, generally increasing when we are experiencing or expecting strong growth and decreasing when we are experiencing or expecting slower growth. We leverage the relationships we have with landowners, developers and brokers to find and acquire land parcels, and use our experience in working with municipalities to efficiently obtain development approvals. • Products . We offer our customers a variety of homes with a standardized set of functions and features generally priced to be affordable for those with household incomes within a range of the local area’s median level, with the goal of being attainable for the largest demand segments. Additionally, since mid-February 2025, we have implemented a simplified sales strategy focused on providing a straightforward, transparent base price, with limited, if any, concessions or incentives, that is intended to offer to our customers a compelling value competitive with area resale home prices. Moreover, unlike the constraints inherent with resale homes, and new homes offered by certain other builders, our Built to Order approach provides our customers with the opportunity to select their lot location within a community, floor plan, elevation and structural options, each of which may be at a premium added to a home’s selling price, and to personalize their homes beyond our base offerings by adding numerous design options available in our KB Home Design Studios . Our design studios, generally centrally located within our served markets, are a key component of our Built to Order process, with the mix of included features and design options we offer at each studio primarily based on the preferences identified by our market survey and purchase frequency data, as discussed further below under “ Customer Obsession .” We utilize a centralized internal architectural group that designs homes to meet or exceed customers’ price-to-value expectations while being as cost-effective as possible to construct. To enhance the simplicity and efficiency of our products and processes, our architectural group has developed a core series of high-frequency, flexible floor plans and elevations that we can offer across many of our served markets, which it periodically updates to incorporate value- engineering enhancements, regulatory requirements and/or evolving consumer tastes. Our library of standardized plans, which we have streamlined to focus on those most frequently selected by our customers, facilitates our ability to shift with local demand, which may include adding smaller square footage homes at communities to offer more affordable choices to buyers, and/or project site attributes, such as the size and location of developable lots. This library also enables us to better understand in advance the cost to build our products and to compare and implement best land development and home construction practices across divisions and communities. We also incorporate energy-efficient and water-saving features into our product designs to help lower our homebuyers’ total cost of homeownership and reduce our homes’ impact on the environment. • Production . In addition to differentiating us from other high-production homebuilders, our Built to Order process helps drive low-cost production. We generally commence construction of a home only after we have a signed purchase contract with a homebuyer and have obtained preliminary credit approval or other evidence of the homebuyer’s financial ability to purchase the home, and seek to build a backlog of sold homes. To help moderate construction-related cost inflation, we, to the extent practicable, enter into fixed-price contracts with our larger trade partners and building material suppliers for specified periods of time. By maintaining a substantial backlog, along with centralized scheduling and standardized reporting processes, we have established a disciplined and scalable operational platform that helps us sustain an even-flow production of pre-sold homes. This reduces our inventory risk, promotes construction efficiencies, enhances our relationships with independent contractors and other business partners, and provides us with greater visibility and predictability on future deliveries. There have been and may in future periods be circumstances where we deviate from certain of the above principles, such as starting construction on a certain number of homes in a community before corresponding sales contracts are signed with 4 homebuyers to more quickly meet customer delivery expectations and generate revenues. Historically, 60% to 70% of our homes delivered are Built to Order , with the remainder consisting of homes started without a corresponding buyer and partially constructed homes where the initial buyer cancelled their home sales contract with us. In 2025, around 55% of our homes delivered were Built to Order , largely reflecting strategies we adopted during the 2020-2024 period to navigate supply chain disruptions that substantially lengthened our average build time and hindered our even-flow home production process, and market dynamics in areas with then-low resale home inventory. In 2026, with a more normalized supply chain and meaningful improvement in our average build times since the 2023 second quarter, we intend to bring our mix of homes delivered closer to our historical average. We may also acquire land parcels in peripheral neighborhoods of a core metropolitan area that otherwise fit our growth strategy and meet our investment return standards. Asset Efficiency. In implementing our KB Edge business strategy, a key focus is on enhancing asset efficiency. We do this by calibrating home sales rates and selling prices at each of our communities to improve profitability; focusing on controlling direct construction costs; increasing inventory turns to the extent practical; balancing pace, price and construction starts at each community to optimize even-flow production and our return on each inventory asset within its market context; structuring land acquisitions to minimize upfront costs where possible, as discussed below under “ Community Development and Land Inventory Management ”; and deploying excess cash flow from operations to help fuel revenue growth or reduce debt, among other steps. Customer Obsession . We believe the best new homes start with the people who will live in them. Our customer-centric approach comes from a deep-rooted operational philosophy and company culture motivated by a paramount objective: to be the most customer-obsessed homebuilder in the world. Driven by this ambition, our team seeks to provide a compelling, simple and personalized homebuying process distinguished by phenomenal customer service. We want our customers to know they have a real partner when buying a home with us and feel that once their home is built, they can see themselves in their new home. Our team members, supported through our training and development programs, are encouraged to make decisions intended to produce the best results for our customers and our organization. Our customer obsession mindset is built around the following key principles: • Find out what customers actually want . We ascertain homebuyer product design and location preferences partly through surveys we conduct of recent buyers of both new and resale homes across our served markets. We also obtain data from our own homebuyers’ selections and post-sale feedback. We use this information on what matters most to homebuyers when making purchase and trade-off decisions to develop and refine our product offerings, as well as our land acquisition targets. We also cultivate and leverage close supplier and business partner relationships to integrate into, or offer with, our products architectural elements, building materials, construction techniques, structural and non-structural systems, and components and devices that are aligned with the preferences identified in our surveys and other data sources. • Offer customers choice and control . From our synthesis of the foregoing consumer research and related activities, we give our homebuyers a wide array of choices to craft the new home that fits their particular lifestyle and priorities, including their homesite, floor plan, elevation and structural options. Our homebuyers can visit our KB Home Design Studios , where they get both advice and the opportunity to select from a broad range of inc luded features and design options that will help personalize their home. When customers build a new home with us, they also enjoy choosing exactly what they want and paying only for what matters most to them. This helps to meet homebuyers’ priorities at price points attainable to them. • Create collaborative customer relationships . In our view, we are not just selling a house. We are in the business of delivering an exceptional, personalized experience that enables our customers to achieve perhaps the most meaningful purchase they will ever make and an important landmark in their life’s journey — their own home. From this perspective, we strive to form close relationships with our homebuyers. We endeavor to learn key details about what they want, their top priorities today and where they see themselves in the future, so we can co-create a home for their day-to-day lives. We support each person or family, whether it is their first time or they have already been homeowners, with a dedicated community team of sales counselors, design consultants, construction superintendents, customer service representatives, KBHS loan officers (for buyers who elect to use KBHS to finance their home purchase) and other personnel. This team is available to guide each homebuyer through each major step of the design, construction and closing of their KB home and aims to make the process as easy and straightforward as possible. • Continue to listen to customers after the sale is done . To help learn and improve our customer experience, we schedule follow-up visits with our customers 10 days and 30 days after they move in, as well as six, 10 and 18 months later , to hear about their experience in their new home and to address any concerns they may have, including warranty 5 claims. Information about our KB Home 10-year Limited Warranty program is provided in Note 17 – Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. We believe our approach differentiates us in the homebuilding industry and, along with our company culture that sustains it, enhances customer satisfaction. We are proud of the high levels of satisfaction our homebuyers have reported to us and outside survey firms. In 2025, we continued to be one of the top-ranked national homebuilders for customer satisfaction on a leading independent homebuilding review site, which we believe reflects the effective dedication we have to our homebuyers. Promotional Marketing Strategy. To emphasize the distinct combination of partnership, personalization, innovative design, sustainability and affordability we offer to our homebuyers, as well as the importance we place on customer satisfaction, we have centered our external brand identity and messaging around Built on Relationships®. Built on Relationships also encapsulates the importance of customer, as discussed above, and other key relationships – with suppliers, trade contractors, land sellers and municipalities – to the success of our business. The key components we highlight as part of our brand identity include: • Partnership . Our dedicated team of sales counselors, design consultants, construction superintendents and customer service representatives, as well as KBHS loan officers, work closely with our customers throughout the homebuying process. • Personalization . We give our homebuyers the ability to personalize their new home from floor plans to exterior styles, and from design choices to where they live in the community. Additionally, at our KB Home Design Studios , our homebuyers have the opportunity to select from a broad range of included features and design options. • Innovative Design . We believe we offer homebuyers product designs that distinctively blend contemporary consumer- preferred elements, such as open floor plans, flexible living spaces, indoor/outdoor flow and extra storage; quality construction standards; and advanced technological features and devices, as compared to some other new and resale homes. • Sustainability . Our homes are engineered to be highly energy and water efficient, as discussed further below. • Affordability . We offer our customers a variety of homes with a standardized set of functions and features generally priced to be affordable for those with household incomes within a range of the local area’s median level. In addition, in many of our communities, we can readily introduce smaller square footage floor plans to enable more customers to select and design a personalized home within their budget. Our energy- and water-efficient homes can provide long- term significant savings on utility bills, compared to typical resale homes and new homes without such features. We typically sell our homes through salaried and/or commissioned sales associate employees from sales offices located in or adjacent to furnished model homes in each community, or through outside brokers. We also use electronic sales capabilities and technology to give our customers a variety of convenient ways to shop for and purchase a new KB home, including, among other things: • Offering virtual 360 ° home tours and online photo galleries for prospective homebuyers; • Providing access to interactive floor plans and homesite maps for their desired community, as well as the ability to reserve a favorite homesite and floorplan; • Conducting virtual appointments and tours of the model homes and design studios; • Offering online tools, such as the MyKB digital portal and KB Home app, to guide buyers through the homebuying journey from shopping to construction and ownership; and • Presenting homebuyers with the ability to virtually see and walk through their home at various points during its construction and prior to closing. We market our homes to prospective homebuyers and real estate brokers through a variety of media, and use data analytics to target our advertising and measure its effectiveness and efficiency in terms of generating leads and orders. In recent years and in response to the large number of millennial and Generation Z homebuyers, we have increased our emphasis on digital marketing, through search engine marketing, online real estate listing platforms, display ads, email, social media, our website and other evolving communication technologies. We also use print media and advertising, and billboards in our served markets. 6 Homebuyer Profile . Our product portfolio for customers ranges from smaller, higher density homes, with average selling prices typically suited for first-time homebuyers, to larger homes in premium locations with additional amenities and higher average selling prices that generally attract a first or second move-up homebuyer. We also offer a variety of single-story floorplans that typically appeal to an active adult homebuyer age 55 and over. For more than a decade, first-time and first move-up homebuyers have accounted for an average of over 75% of our annual deliveries. The following charts present our overall buyer profile and the percentage of homes delivered to first-time homebuyers within each homebuilding reporting segment for the year ended November 30, 2025 : Operational Structure. We operate our homebuilding business through divisions with experienced management teams who have in-depth local knowledge of their particular served markets, which helps us acquire land in preferred locations; develop communities with products that meet local demand; and understand local regulatory environments. Our division management teams exercise considerable autonomy in identifying land acquisition opportunities; developing land and communities; implementing product, marketing and sales strategies; and controlling costs. To help maintain consistent execution within the organization, our division management teams and other employees are continuously trained on KB Edge principles and are evaluated, in part, based on their achievement of relevant operational objectives. Our corporate management and support personnel develop and oversee the implementation of company-wide strategic initiatives, our overall operational policies and internal control standards, and perform various centralized functions, including architecture; purchasing and national contracts; treasury and cash management; land acquisition approval; risk and litigation management; accounting and financial reporting; internal audit and compliance activities; information technology (“IT”) systems; human resources strategy; marketing; and investor and media relations. Community Development and Land Inventory Management Developable land for the production of homes is a core resource for our business. Based on our current strategic plans, we seek to own or control land sufficient to meet our forecasted production goals for the next three to five years. In 2026, we intend to continue to invest in and develop land positions within attractive submarkets and selectively acquire or control additional land that meets our investment return standards. We may periodically sell certain land interests or monetize land previously held for future development to strategically balance our land portfolio in line with local or national market environments or for other reasons. We may also decide not to exercise certain land option contracts and other similar contracts due to market conditions and/or changes in our marketing strategy. Our community development process generally consists of four phases: land acquisition, land development into finished lots for a community (if necessary), home construction, and delivery of completed homes to homebuyers. Historically, our community development process has typically ranged from 10 to 24 months in our West Coast homebuilding reporting segment, with a somewhat shorter duration in our other homebuilding reporting segments. The development process in our West Coast homebuilding reporting segment is typically longer than in our other segments due to the municipal and regulatory requirements that are generally more stringent in California. Our community development process varies based on, among other things, the extent and speed of required government approvals and utility service activations, the overall size of a particular community, the scope of necessary site preparation activities, the type of product(s) that will be offered, weather conditions, time of year, promotional marketing results, the availability of construction resources, consumer demand, local and general economic and housing market conditions, and other factors. 7 Although they vary significantly in size and complexity, our single-family residential home communities typically consist of 50 to 125 lots per product line, with lots ranging in size from 1,800 to 10,000 square feet. In our communities, we typically offer four to 10 home design choices. We generally build one to three model homes at each community so that prospective homebuyers can preview the various products available. Depending on the community, we may offer premium lots containing more square footage, better views and/or location benefits. Some of our communities consist of multiple-story structures that encompass several attached condominium-style units. Land Acquisition and Land Development. We continuously evaluate land acquisition opportunities against our investment return standards, while balancing competing needs for financial strength, liquidity and land inventory for future growth. For example, in 2025, after opportunistically purchasing two sizable land parcels in the first quarter, we scaled back our investments over the balance of the year in alignment with our growth projections amid softer market conditions. When we acquire land, we generally focus on parcels with lots that are entitled for residential construction and are either physically developed to start home construction (referred to as “finished lots”) or partially finished. However, depending on market conditions and available opportunities, we may acquire undevel