Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business, financial condition, and operating results are affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including risks specific to us or the healthcare industry, as well as risks that affect businesses in general. The risks disclosed in this Annual Report could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations and thus our stock price. These risk factors may be important to understanding other statements in this Annual Report and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These disclosures reflect the Company’s beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect the Company and its securities in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such factors have occurred in the past or their likelihood of occurring in the future. Because of such risk factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company’s financial condition and operating results, past financial performance may not reflect future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Summary of Risk Factors This summary provides an overview of the risks we face and should not be considered a substitute for the comprehensive discussion of risk factors discussed immediately following this summary. Risks Related to Nutex Health Inc. • Regulatory and litigation uncertainty under the No Surprises Act may reduce our cash collections and increase dispute costs. • Our third-party provider in the federal and state arbitration process, HaloMD, has been, and may in the future be, subject to lawsuits filed by health insurance providers, which may have an adverse impact on our reputation, financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. • Sales of a substantial amount of our Common Stock by our stockholders, or the perception that such sales could occur, could cause the price of our Common Stock to fall. • Our obligation to issue additional shares of our common stock to former doctor owners of under construction hospitals may cause significant dilution of the voting power of our current stockholders. • Short sellers of our stock may be manipulative and may drive down the market price of our common stock. • We may be subject to risks of litigation and disputes. • If we are unable to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our results of operations, our stock price and investor confidence in our company. • We may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. • Our current business plans require a significant amount of capital. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash from operations, borrow money on commercially reasonable terms, or sell equity at reasonable values, we may not be able to execute our business plans and our prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. • We may decide to close underperforming hospitals which may result in a temporary decrease in overall revenues. • We may experience difficulties in managing our growth and expanding our operations. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry • Reimbursement methodology and timing for our medical services is subject to change, and the reimbursement amount that we receive for emergency services could be subject to a significant and sustained decline. 14 Table of Contents • The estimates and assumptions we are required to make in connection with the preparation of our financial statements may prove to be inaccurate. • Public health emergencies could negatively affect our operations, business and financial condition, and our ability to generate revenue could be negatively impacted if the U.S. economy remains unstable for a significant amount of time. • We rely on our management team and key employees and our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be harmed if we are unable to retain qualified personnel. • Our growth depends in part on our ability to identify and develop successful hospitals in new geographies, physician partners and patients. If we are not able to successfully execute upon our growth strategies, there may be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. • In his capacity as the co-owner of the real estate entities that lease the land and buildings to our hospital facilities, Dr. Vo, our Chairman, CEO and major stockholder, may have conflicts of interest with the Company and its public stockholders. • If the estimates and assumptions we use to project the size, revenue or medical expense amounts of hospitals in our target geographies are inaccurate or the cost of providing services exceeds the amounts received by us, our future growth prospects may be impacted, and we may generate losses or fail to attain financial performance targets. • We primarily depend on reimbursement by third-party payors, as well as payments by individuals, which could lead to delays and uncertainties in the timing and process of reimbursement, including any changes or reductions in Medicare reimbursement rates or rules. • Our business and growth strategy depend on our ability to maintain and expand facilities staffed with qualified physicians. If we are unable to do so, future growth would be limited and our business, operating results and financial condition would be harmed. • If any of our physician partners lose their regulatory licenses, permits and/or accreditation status, or become ineligible to receive reimbursement under Medicare or Medicaid or from other third-party payors, there may be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. • We are dependent on our physicians and other healthcare professionals to effectively manage the quality and cost of care. • We operate in a competitive industry, and if we are not able to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be harmed. • Developments affecting spending by the healthcare industry could adversely affect our business. • We and our physician partners and other healthcare professionals may become subject to medical liability claims, which could cause us to incur significant expenses and may require us to pay significant damages if the claims are not covered by insurance. • If we or our partner physicians or other healthcare providers fail to comply with applicable data interoperability and information blocking rules, our consolidated results of operations could be adversely affected. • Our business and operations could suffer in the event of material information technology system failures, security breaches, or other deficiencies in cybersecurity. • Actual or perceived failures to comply with applicable data protection, privacy and security laws, regulations, standards and other requirements, including contractual obligations, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Changes in U.S. tax laws, and the adoption of tax reform policies could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. • Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly, which could adversely impact the value of our Common Stock. • Obligations under the term loans of our hospitals, and our related loan and leases guarantees could restrict our operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to take specified actions. An event of default under the term loans could harm our business, and creditors having security interests over the hospital assets as well as the leased real estate would be able to foreclose on such assets. • The arrangements we have with our VIEs are not as secure as direct ownership of such entities. • Any failure by our affiliated entities or their owners to perform their obligations under their agreements with us would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. • If there is a change in accounting principles or the interpretation thereof affecting consolidation of VIEs, it could impact our consolidation of total revenues derived from our affiliated physician groups. Risk Related to our Population Health Management Division • New physicians and other providers must be properly enrolled in governmental healthcare programs before we can receive reimbursement for their services, and there may be delays in the enrollment process. 15 Table of Contents • We may have difficulty collecting payments from third-party payors in a timely manner. • Decreases in payor rates could adversely affect us. • Federal and state laws may limit our ability to collect monies owed by patients. • We have established reserves for our potential medical claim losses, which are subject to inherent uncertainties, and a deficiency in the established reserves may lead to a reduction in our assets or net incomes. • We do not have a Knox-Keene license. • If our affiliated physician group is not able to satisfy California financial solvency regulations, they could become subject to sanctions and their ability to do business in California could be limited or terminated. • Primary care physicians may seek to affiliate with our and our competitors’ IPAs at the same time. • If we inadvertently employ or contract with an excluded person, we may face government sanctions. • New California privacy regulations require Automated Decision-Making Technology (“ADMT”) transparency and future cybersecurity audits. • Heightened scrutiny of Medicare Advantage risk-adjustment practices may increase audit and repayment risk. Risks Related to Our Legal and Regulatory Environment • We conduct business in a heavily regulated industry and if we fail to adhere to all of the complex government laws and regulations that apply to our business, we could incur fines or penalties or be required to make changes to our operations or experience adverse publicity, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and reputation. • If any of our hospitals lose their regulatory licenses, permits and/or registrations, as applicable, or become ineligible to receive reimbursement from third-party payors, there may be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. • If our arrangements with our partner physicians and other physician partners are found to constitute the improper rendering of medical services or fee splitting under applicable state laws, our business, financial condition and our ability to operate in those states could be adversely impacted. • We face inspections, reviews, audits and investigations under federal and state government programs and contracts. These audits could have adverse findings that may negatively affect our business, including our results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and reputation. • Recent healthcare regulations, and other changes in the healthcare industry and in healthcare spending may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Changes to Stark Law DHS codes and exception thresholds may increase compliance risk. • HIPAA rule changes may require operational and documentation updates and raise enforcement exposure. • Escalating cyber threats and regulatory expectations may increase costs and disruption risk. Risks Related to Our Common Stock • Anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law could make an acquisition of the Company, which may be beneficial to the stockholders of the Company, more difficult and may prevent attempts by the stockholders to replace or remove management. • Because we have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your Common Stock for a price in excess of the purchase price. • The market price and trading volume of our Common Stock may be volatile and could decline significantly. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price and trading volume of our securities could decline. Risks Related to Nutex Health Inc. Regulatory and litigation uncertainty under the No Surprises Act may reduce our cash collections and increase dispute costs. Any significant changes to the federal arbitration process may result in a substantial decrease in the claim amounts we will be able to recover in the future. In light of pending litigation before the Fifth Circuit referred to as TMA III, federal agencies have, in guidance issued on July 30, 2025, extended enforcement relief for services furnished before February 1, 2026 (additional enforcement relief may be provided until August 1, 2026), allowing insurers to continue to calculate in good faith the Qualified Payment Amount (QPA) relying on the previous methodologies set forth in the rules and guidance 16 Table of Contents issued in 2021 and 2023, which can result in low QPAs and thus can affect reimbursements we receive for out‑of‑network services and the outcome of IDR disputes. In addition, updates to the Federal IDR portal (e.g., service‑code modifier fields, duplicate‑dispute validation, and resubmission rules) have increased submission complexity and may delay dispute resolutions or require re‑filings, raising administrative costs. Further, the Fifth Circuit has held that the NSA explicitly bars judicial review of arbitration awards. The NSA does allow HHS to assess penalties against insurers for failure to comply with the NSA, including timely payment of CIDRE awards. As a result, we may be limited to HHS administrative recourse if a provider fails to pay arbitration awards, which could adversely impact our ability to collect payments due under successful award determinations. The Company is unable to predict the outcome of pending litigation, future legislative or regulatory changes, evolving arbitration practices, payor responses to ongoing enforcement of the NSA, and insurers’ payment discipline, all of which may have an adverse impact on the Company’s ability to recover on its claims and its financial condition and results of operation. Our third party provider in the federal and state arbitration process, HaloMD, has been, and may in the future be, subject to lawsuits filed by health insurance providers, which may have an adverse impact on our revenues, reputation, financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. Since May 2024, HaloMD has handled, on an exclusive basis, all out-of-network claims made by Nutex that are eligible for arbitration under federal and state “no surprise” laws. During the year ended December 31, 2025, HaloMD submitted approximately 50-60% of the Company’s medical claims through the IDR process. Pending or future litigation against HaloMD could materially adversely impact the revenues we expect to receive from the medical claims submitted on our behalf by HaloMD. Nutex has no contractual right to access or audit HaloMD’s proprietary benchmarking data or documents prepared and submitted by HaloMD to the IDREs on behalf of the Company, such as petitions, position statements, methodology formulas, payment demand letters and arbitration briefs. On July 22, 2025, a short seller published a report making various negative assertions about the Company, which were largely extrapolated from allegations made in lawsuits against HaloMD and certain providers filed in the spring of 2025 by affiliates of Anthem/Blue Cross Blue Shield. The insurers allege that HaloMD submitted many claims that were ineligible for federal arbitration and otherwise abused the IDR process. HaloMD’s motions to dismiss are pending. While we are not party to these or similar lawsuits, the short seller attack had an adverse impact on the trading price of our common stock. We cannot predict whether additional lawsuits may be brought, the outcome of the existing lawsuits against HaloMD or the resulting impact on our revenues, reputation, financial condition or the trading price of our common stock. Sales of a substantial amount of our Common Stock by our stockholders, or the perception that such sales could occur, could cause the price of our Common Stock to fall. As of March 2, 2026 , there were 6,968,350 shares of Common Stock outstanding, including 2,251,295 shares of Common Stock held by our affiliates, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Our affiliates, including Dr. Vo, may sell shares into the market in accordance with Rule 144, including its manner of sale and volume limitations. Sales of substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales will occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock and make it difficult for us to raise funds through securities offerings in the future. Our obligation to issue additional shares of our common stock to former doctor owners of under construction hospitals may cause significant dilution of the voting power of our current stockholders. We may be required to issue additional shares of our common stock to former doctor owners of hospitals that were under construction and non-operational prior to our April 1, 2022 merger. Such former owners, including Dr. Vo, transferred their hospital interests to Nutex Health Holdco LLC in connection with the merger. The aggregate number of additional shares we may be required to issue could significantly dilute the voting power of our existing stockholders. Any such additional shares, including the shares issued to Dr. Vo, will be subject to a 100% lock up for six months, with 66 2/3% of these shares locked up for one year, and, with respect to the remaining 33 1/3%, the lock up expiring 18 months after issuance, which may be waived or amended at the discretion of the Company. 17 Table of Contents As approved by the stockholders on April 1, 2022, the number of additional shares issuable is equal to (a)(i) the trailing twelve months of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, as determined at the end of each such hospital’s initial 24-month operation period multiplied by (ii) 10; minus (iii) the aggregate amount of the former doctor owners’ capital contribution; minus (iv) such former doctor owners’ pro rata share of the aggregate debt, with the resulting value divided by (b) the greater of (i) the price of the common stock at the end of the operational period or (ii) $420.00 (representing $2.80 as adjusted for the 2024 Reverse Stock Splits, and subject to further adjustment for future stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations and the like). With respect to seven hospitals, the initial 24-month operational periods expired on or prior to December 31, 2025. Based on the formula described above, and assuming an aggregate 1,361,861 shares issued, the earn out shares will represent approximately 19.2% of outstanding shares as of December 31, 2025. With respect to three additional hospitals with an initial 24-month operational period expiring on or prior to December 31, 2026, we estimate, based on current expectations, to issue approximately 88,500 additional shares, or 1.2% of our outstanding shares as of December 31, 2025. See Note 12 - Stock-based Compensation for additional information . This estimated number of shares is calculated on a pro forma basis based on December 31, 2025 operating results and trading price. Since we cannot predict future operating results and trading prices, the actual number of additional shares issued may differ significantly from our estimate. Former owners of certain under construction hospitals have disputed the number of additional shares issuable to them in accordance with the formula agreed upon at the time of the merger (as described above) and assert, among other things, that the number of shares in the calculation should not be adjusted for the 2024 Reverse Stock Splits. We disagree with these allegations but cannot predict the outcome of these disputes. Short sellers of our stock may be manipulative and may drive down the market price of our common stock. Short selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but rather has borrowed or intends to borrow from a third party with the intention of buying identical securities at a later date to return to the lender. A short seller hopes to profit from a decline in the value of the securities between the sale of the borrowed securities and the purchase of the replacement shares, as the short seller expects to pay less in that purchase than it received in the sale. Since it is in the short seller’s interest for the price of the stock to decline, some short sellers publish, or arrange for the publication of, opinions or characterizations regarding the relevant issuer, its business prospects and similar matters calculated to or which may create negative market momentum, which may permit them to obtain profits for themselves as a result of selling the stock short. Issuers whose securities have historically had limited trading volumes or have been susceptible to relatively high volatility levels can be particularly vulnerable to such publications, sometimes known as “short seller attacks.” On July 22, 2025, a short seller report that contained various allegations against the Company was published, that had an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. This report disclosed the writer had a short position with respect to our common stock. On July 23, 2025, the closing price of our common stock was $92.90, representing a decrease of $18.29 or 16.4% compared to the closing price of our common stock on July 21, 2025, prior to the publication of the report. On November 25, 2025, another short seller report that contained various allegations against the Company was published. The sole purpose of this attack appears to have been to create market confusion and to profit from the decline in trading price caused as a result. We cannot assure you that others will not publish similar misleading reports in the future. The publication of any such commentary regarding us may bring about a temporary, or long term, decline in the market price of our common stock. Similar declines in the market price of our common stock may occur in the future, in connection with such commentary by short sellers or otherwise. In addition, following the publication of short seller reports, companies targeted by these short seller publications have sometimes faced securities class action litigation against the company as a result. Additionally, allegations made by short sellers, whether substantiated or not, could result in investigations by regulators, including the Securities and Exchange Commission. If we were subject to such investigations as a result of such allegations, we could incur substantial costs defending the Company from the lawsuit or such investigation. These could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business and result in negative publicity, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation. We may be subject to risks of litigation and disputes. 18 Table of Contents From time to time, we have been and may become involved in disputes and litigation with former doctor owners, stockholders, government and regulatory agencies or other parties. Such actions could result in the imposition of various remedies such as injunctions or monetary damages, which if awarded could materially and adversely harm our business, subject us to substantial defense costs and expenses, and divert resources and the attention of management from our business. For example, on August 22, 2025, the Company and certain current and former officers and directors were named in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas. The complaint alleges violations of federal securities laws arising out of alleged misstatements or omissions by the defendants during the alleged class period and seeks, among other things, damages and attorneys’ fees and costs on behalf of the putative class. Following the putative class action lawsuit, in September 2025, the Company and certain of its directors and officers were named in two derivative action lawsuits filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas. Each of the derivative actions was brought on behalf of the Company by a putative stockholder alleging, among other things, breaches of fiduciary duties and violations of federal securities laws. The complaints seek, among other things, damages and attorneys’ fees and costs. In addition, from time to time, we are, and may become, the subject of inquiries, requests for information, investigations, or other actions by government and regulatory agencies or other third parties regarding our business. Any such matters, regardless of their merit or resolution, could be costly and divert the efforts and attention of our management, damage our reputation, or otherwise adversely affect our business. If we are unable to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our results of operations, our stock price and investor confidence in our company. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses that were previously disclosed as of December 31, 2024 were remediated as of December 31, 2025. While our previous material weaknesses have been remediated, if we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. We may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. We may be forced to write down or write off assets, restructure operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in losses. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on liquidity, any report of charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges such as write-downs or impairments may make future financing difficult to obtain on favorable terms or at all. From time to time, our intangible assets are subject to impairment testing. Under current accounting standards, our goodwill, including acquired goodwill, is tested for impairment on an annual basis and may be subject to impairment losses as circumstances change (e.g., after an acquisition). The Company may have to record impairments in the future, which could materially adversely affect its reported financial results and negatively impact the trading value of its Common Stock. Our current business plans require a significant amount of capital. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash from operations, borrow money on commercially reasonable terms, or sell equity at reasonable values, we may not be able to 19 Table of Contents execute our business plans and our prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We experienced operating losses in 2023 and could incur operating losses in the future as we implement our business plans. We anticipate making significant capital expenditures for the foreseeable future as we expand our business, including the development of new hospital facilities and acquisition of additional IPAs. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash from operating activities, borrow money on commercially reasonable terms, or sell equity at reasonable values, we may be forced to curtail or discontinue our operations and our business, financial condition and results of operation could be materially adversely affected. We may decide to close underperforming hospitals which may result in a temporary decrease in overall revenues. In the ordinary course of business, we continuously review the individual performance of each of our hospital facilities. As previously disclosed, we have historically closed underperforming facilities. Our commitment to providing high-quality healthcare services demands that we continually assess the performance of our hospitals. In some instances, we may find it necessary to make the difficult decision to close underperforming facilities. This could be due to various factors such as declining patient admissions, increasing operational costs, or changes in healthcare regulations. The closure of any hospital within our portfolio carries inherent risks, including a potential negative impact on our overall revenues. The closure process may involve staff reallocation or severance, and asset dispositions, all of which can be complex and costly. Additionally, the closure of a hospital may temporarily disrupt patient referrals and relationships with healthcare providers in the affected region. While we believe that such strategic decisions are essential for the long-term sustainability of our organization and the continued provision of high-quality care, there is a risk that the closure of underperforming hospitals could lead to a short-term decrease in our overall revenues. This revenue decline may occur due to the time it takes to execute the closure process as well as potential legal or regulatory challenges associated with hospital closures. The closure of underperforming hospitals is part of our ongoing effort to optimize our operations and improve financial performance. While we intend to carefully plan and execute our closure strategies, there can be no assurance that such strategies will successfully offset the temporary revenue decrease resulting from hospital closures. We may experience difficulties in managing our growth and expanding our operations. We are targeting significant growth in the scope of our operations. Our ability to manage our operations and future growth will require us to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, compliance programs and reporting systems. We may not be able to implement improvements in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing controls, programs, systems and procedures, which could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and financial results. Additionally, rapid growth in our business may place a strain on our human and capital resources. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Reimbursement methodology and timing for our medical services is subject to change, and the reimbursement amount that we receive for emergency services could be subject to a significant and sustained decline. We do not have extensive relationships with large commercial payors and are generally out-of-network. Although some licensed hospital facilities are in-network with payors, the Company’s general payor contracting/government enrollment strategy to date has been to remain out of network. Since we have few contractual arrangements with insurance companies, we cannot predict the timing and amount of the payments we ultimately receive for our services and estimates and assumptions, which are based on historical insurance payment amounts and timing. In addition, as a result of the NSA becoming effective on January 1, 2022, we initially experienced a significant decline in collections of patient claims for emergency services and for a significant period only had limited success at achieving collections at or higher than the established qualifying payment amount, which is the median in-network contracted rate for the same insurance market. 20 Table of Contents The federal regulations promulgated under the NSA, including those establishing the IDR process, have been and continue to be subject to legal challenges. Most importantly, as of March 2, 2026, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit has not ruled whether the QPA calculation made by providers may include so called “ghost rates,” which are rates included in contracts with no expectation that providers will actually provide such services, resulting in rates as low as $0 being included in QPA calculations. As a result, pending material litigation and regulatory uncertainty may delay claims resolution and negatively impact our ability to receive fair and appropriate payment for the services our hospitals provide. Any decrease in the collections we receive for our emergency services could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial performance and may negatively affect the trading value of our Common Stock. The estimates and assumptions we are required to make in connection with the preparation of our financial statements may prove to be inaccurate. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We apply Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 606 – Revenue from Contracts with Customers in making estimates of its earned revenue and accounts receivable at each reporting date. This estimation process for variable consideration is highly subjective. The Company regularly conducts a comparative analysis of its actual results to its previously estimated results in order to evaluate whether changes to its estimation process are required. The estimation of variable consideration is particularly complex within the healthcare industry generally because of the broad range of services provided, the range of reimbursements by patient insurance companies and collectability of patient responsible amounts. In addition, our hospital division generally operates as an out-of-network provider and, as such, does not have negotiated reimbursement rates with insurance companies, adding to the complexity and potential uncertainty of the estimation process. Our estimates with respect to the claims processing by insurance companies and our resulting cash collections may differ from previous estimated results, and we may be required to make periodic adjustments to our estimation process for new facts or circumstances. Additionally, our estimates with respect to arbitration wins and our resulting cash collections from arbitration may differ due to significant administrative time built into the federal arbitration process and delays in collections. Ultimate amounts collected may differ from anticipated collections, and, as a result, may impact our ability to generate revenue at expected levels. Public health emergencies could negatively affect our operations, business and financial condition, and our ability to generate revenue could be negatively impacted if the U.S. economy remains unstable for a significant amount of time. As a front-line provider of health care services, we have been and will be affected by the health and economic effects of public health emergencies such as COVID-19. As a result of public health emergencies, we experienced, and in the future could experience, supply chain disruptions, including shortages and delays, and could experience significant price increases, in equipment and medical supplies, particularly personal protective equipment or PPE. Staffing, equipment, and medical supplies shortages may also impact our ability to serve patients at our centers. In addition, our results and financial condition may be adversely affected by future federal or state laws, regulations, orders, or other governmental or regulatory actions addressing public health emergencies such as a COVID-19 or the U.S. health care system, which, if adopted, could result in direct or indirect restrictions to its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. We rely on our management team and key employees and our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be harmed if we are unable to retain qualified personnel. Our success depends largely upon the continued services of key members of senior management, including our chief executive officer. We also rely on our leadership team in the areas of operations and general and administrative functions. From time to time, there may be changes in our management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, 21 Table of Contents which could disrupt our business. The replacement of one or more of our executive officers or other key employees would likely involve significant time and costs and may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. Our business would also be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for succession of our executives and senior management; or if we fail to effectively recruit, integrate, retain and develop key talent and/or align our talent with our business needs, in light of the current rapidly changing environment. While we have succession plans in place and we have employment arrangements with our key executives, these do not guarantee that the services of these or suitable successor executives will continue to be available to us. Competition for qualified personnel in our field is intense due to the limited number of individuals who possess the skills and experience required by our industry. As a result, as we enter new geographies, it may be difficult for us to hire additional qualified personnel with the necessary skills to work in such geographies. If our hiring efforts in new or existing geographies are not successful, our business will be harmed. In addition, we have experienced employee turnover and expect to continue to experience employee turnover in the future. New hires require significant training and, in most cases, take significant time before they achieve full productivity. New employees may not become as productive as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals. If our retention efforts are not successful or our employee turnover rate increases in the future, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations will be harmed. In addition, in making employment decisions, job candidates often consider the value of the stock options or other equity instruments they are to receive in connection with their employment. Volatility in the price of our stock may, therefore, adversely affect our ability to attract or retain highly skilled personnel. Further, the requirement to expense stock options and other equity instruments may discourage us from granting the size or type of stock option or equity awards that job candidates require to join our company. Failure to attract new personnel or failure to retain and motivate our current personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our growth depends in part on our ability to identify and develop successful hospitals in new geographies, physician partners and patients. If we are not able to successfully execute upon our growth strategies, there may be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Our business depends on our ability to identify and develop successful hospitals in new geographies and relationships with physician partners and healthcare professionals, and to successfully execute upon our growth initiatives to increase the profitabil