Item 1. Business Overview Nutex Health Inc. (“Nutex Health” or the “Company”) is a physician-led, healthcare services and operations company with 26 hospital facilities (as of December 31, 2025) in 12 states (hospital division), and a primary care-centric, risk-bearing population health management division. Our hospital division implements and operates innovative health care models, including micro-hospitals, specialty hospitals and hospital outpatient departments (“HOPDs”). The population health management (“PHM”) division owns and operates provider networks such as independent physician associations (“IPAs”). We employ 944 full-time employees, contract more than 280 doctors at our facilities and partner with over 3,600 physicians and specialists within our IPA networks. Our corporate headquarters is based in Houston, Texas. We were incorporated on April 13, 2000 in the state of Delaware. Operating Segments We report the results of our operations as three segments: (i) the hospital division, (ii) the PHM division, and (iii) the real estate division. Hospital Division . Our hospital division develops and operates a network of micro-hospitals, specialty hospitals and HOPDs providing comprehensive and high-quality 24/7 care. Our full-service care delivery model provides concierge-level care traditionally offered by larger hospitals in a patient-friendly and cost-effective setting. We provide a full spectrum of healthcare services, including emergency room care, inpatient care, and behavioral health, and offer a complementary suite of ancillary services, including onsite imaging (CT scan, X-ray, MRI, ultrasound, etc.), certified and accredited laboratories, and onsite inpatient pharmacies. As of December 31, 2025, we owned and operated 26 healthcare facilities across 12 states and had an additional nine de novo micro-hospitals under various stages of development. Our micro-hospitals generate revenue from both emergency services and in-patient services, providing operating leverage and significant earning potential at each facility. We believe that wait times at our hospitals are significantly lower than traditional ER settings and patients are welcomed by a friendly attentive staff and physician team. Our hospital division generally operates as an out-of-network provider and, as such, does not have negotiated reimbursement rates with most insurance companies. Our patients with commercial insurance coverage have historically applied out of network benefits and patient co-pays to settle invoices. In the future, we expect to contract directly with more commercial payors whose reimbursement rates for our services are more closely aligned with the value offered. When developing new hospitals, we provide a turn-key process from location selection, real estate design, and development of the facility to staffing, training and operations. Our corporate management and administrative teams provide a comprehensive suite of operational and managerial services to our hospitals, including management, billing, collections, human resources and recruiting, legal, accounting, regulatory, legislative and marketing / business development. Most of our licensed micro-hospitals average approximately 15,000 to 25,000 square feet and include seven to eight emergency treatment rooms, two to ten in-patient beds for both short- and long-term stays and advanced imaging equipment, laboratory and pharmacy services. Our staffing at each facility includes four to ten physicians and hospitalists depending on the community’s needs. Most of our hospitals have contractual relationships with separately owned professional entities (the “Physician LLCs”) and real estate entities (the “Real Estate Entities”). The Physician LLCs employ the doctors who work in our hospitals. The Real Estate Entities, which generally have the same ownership as the related Physician LLCs, own the land and hospital buildings in which the hospitals operate and lease the buildings to the hospitals. We have no ownership interest in any of the Physician LLCs and have a 51% interest in one of the Real Estate Entities, but provide back office accounting for each. Many of these entities are owned in part, and in some cases controlled, by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The Physician LLCs are consolidated by the Company as variable interest entities (VIEs) because they do not have significant equity at risk, and we have historically provided support to the Physician LLCs in the event of cash shortages and received the benefit of their cash surpluses. 1 Table of Contents Population Health Management Division . Our population health management division establishes and operates provider networks such as IPAs. Through its Management Services Organization (“MSO”), Nutex provides management, administrative, and other support services to its affiliated hospitals and physician groups. An IPA is a business entity organized and owned by a network of independent physician practices. Once established, the IPA enrolls patients and negotiates managed care contracts with insurers to provide comprehensive care to their patients, often for a value-based fixed annual fee known as a capitated rate. The IPA entities are not owned by us, but are managed by our MSO which provides management, administrative, and other support services. Presently, we manage one IPA located in Los Angeles, California with over 230 primary care physicians ("PCPs"), 2,800 specialists and ancillary providers and an enrollment of approximately 32,750 patients. We have established three other IPAs, one each in Houston, South Florida and Phoenix. As of the date of this filing, our Houston IPA has over 90 contracted PCPs, 320 specialists and manages over 1,900 Medicare Advantage (“MA”) patients. Our South Florida IPA is contracted with approximately 90 PCPs and manages over 3,700 members, including over 250 MA patients. Our Phoenix IPA is contracted with 19 PCPs and 60 specialists. In total, the Company’s IPAs now have approximately 38,000 members across their platform, including commercial and Medicaid managed care members. We consolidate the IPA entities in our financial statements as VIEs since we manage these entities. Real Estate Division . The Real Estate Entities own the land and hospital buildings which are leased to our hospital entities. One Real Estate Entity owns the Company's headquarters building. The Real Estate Entities have mortgage loans payable to third parties which are collateralized by the land and buildings. We own 100% of the Company's headquarters building purchased in December 2025. In addition, we purchased 51% ownership of an Indiana-based micro-hospital facility. Other than the aforementioned properties, we do not have direct ownership interest in these entities, which are owned and, in some instances, controlled by related parties, including our CEO. We consolidate the Real Estate Entities we do not have direct ownership in as VIEs in instances where our hospital entities are guarantors or co-borrowers under their outstanding mortgage loans. Since the second quarter of 2022, we deconsolidated 18 Real Estate Entities after the third-party lenders released our guarantees of associated mortgage loans, leaving two Real Estate Entities we do not directly own as current VIEs consolidated in our financial statements. Sources of Revenue The following table shows revenue for each of our operating segments (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Hospital division revenue $ 844,162 $ 449,064 $ 218,070 Population health management division revenue 31,095 30,885 29,576 Total revenue $ 875,257 $ 479,949 $ 247,646 Our hospital division receives payment for facility services rendered by us from federal agencies, private insurance carriers, and patients. The Physician LLCs receive payment for doctor services from these same sources. On average, greater than 99% of our net patient service revenue is paid by insurers, federal agencies, and other non-patient third parties. The remaining revenues are directly paid by our patients in the form of copays, deductibles, and self-payment. As noted, we generally operate as an out-of-network provider and, as such, do not have negotiated reimbursement rates with most insurance companies. The population health management division recognizes revenue for capitated payments and management fees for services to IPAs and physician groups monthly. Capitation revenue consists primarily of capitated fees for medical services provided by physician-owned entities we consolidate as VIEs. Capitated arrangements are made directly with various managed care providers including HMOs. Capitation revenues are typically paid to us monthly in the period services are provided based on the number of enrollees selecting us as their healthcare provider. Capitation is a fixed payment amount per patient per unit of time paid in advance for the delivery of health care services, whereby the service providers are generally liable for excess medical costs. We receive management fees that are based on gross capitation revenues of the IPAs or physician groups we manage. 2 Table of Contents Our Strategy Our mission is to make exceptional concierge-level healthcare more accessible to people in the communities we serve. Our business strategy is to increase stockholder value through earnings growth and cash flow generation by: • Developing and operating innovative micro-hospitals – We currently operate 26 micro-hospital facilities in 12 states and four IPAs. We plan to grow our operations by expanding our innovative micro-hospital model into additional states and developing IPAs which leverage our presence and physician relationships in each community we serve. • Providing a patient-centric care model – We fulfill the healthcare needs of patients seeking immediate and convenient access to primary and emergency care. Producing a compelling work environment for physicians helps us deliver superior patient experiences and clinical outcomes. • Offering a differentiated provider engagement and partnership strategy – Having high satisfaction and retention rates of physicians helps us in delivering superior patient experiences. Financially, we are aligned with our physician partners who are co-investors with us in their community’s micro-hospitals or IPAs and, in many instances, are stockholders of Nutex. Our relationships with physician partners are critical to our success. • Having a scalable go-to-market strategy – Robust administrative support where key support functions including billing and collection, purchasing, marketing, legal and compliance, human resources and financial operations are centralized, allowing our physicians and hospitalists to focus on patient care. Building out IPA networks in the same communities as our micro-hospitals helps drive patient volume and results in greater revenue from increased capitation and full-risk contracts. To complement our organic growth plans, we may, in the normal course of business, consider and review opportunistic acquisitions. Our Growth Strategy We are focused on expanding patient access to quality healthcare by broadening our clinical services at existing facilities and by opening or acquiring new micro-hospital facilities in high demand areas of the United States. We are also seeking to establish IPAs in many of the locales where we operate micro-hospitals in order to leverage our community presence and relationships with in-market physicians. We expect to open four new hospital facilities in 2026. These facilities are either under construction or in advanced planning stages. We anticipate launching one to three additional IPAs per year, principally in geographic areas around our existing micro-hospitals. There is no guarantee that any or all of the planned new hospitals or new IPAs will be successfully launched in the anticipated time frames. 3 Table of Contents The following map shows our existing and planned presence across the United States: Our process for opening a new micro-hospital begins with identifying high demand markets. Generally, we place our micro-hospitals in larger suburban or rural locations. Before entering a new state, we investigate the regulation and licensing requirements for our business and the construction design and permitting requirements of the targeted community. Next, we identify and contract with in-market physicians who will co-invest with us and become the on-site management of the new facility. For each new hospital location, three entities are usually created: • Real estate entity – our hospital facilities are designed and constructed to meet our specific needs and governmental regulations for micro-hospitals. Construction of new facilities or major renovation of existing buildings to meet our specifications requires significant financial resources. In most cases, these financial resources are provided by a newly established real estate entity that is independently owned by the in-market physicians and other partners, including in many cases, members of our executive management team. The real estate entities often enter into mortgage loans to finance the acquisition of the associated land or the build out of facilities. In some instances, Nutex may participate as a co-borrower or guarantor of this indebtedness. Nutex does not own any of the real estate entities, but enters into a long-term market rate lease of the facility for its operations with the real estate entity. Nutex also contracts with this entity to provide administrative services, including financial accounting and other responsibilities. • Physician LLC entity – the in-market physicians create and independently own the physician entity. In certain states, state laws and regulations prohibit non-physician ownership of physician practices. The physician entity employs or contracts with physicians who staff the new location. We contract with the physician entities to 4 Table of Contents provide administrative services, including claims billing and collections, financial accounting and other responsibilities. • Hospital facility entity – Nutex typically has 60% or more equity ownership of new hospital facilities and in-market physicians usually own much of the remaining equity. The participation by in-market physicians in owning the hospital facility is a key factor in our success. The hospital facility contracts with the physician entity to provide physician staffing and enters into a lease of the physical facility with the associated real estate entity. The hospital facility provides the operating equipment and supplies and employs nursing and other staffing for local operations. Our relationships with physician partners are critical to our success. The physician partners’ financial participation through ownership in whole, or in part, of the above entities aligns our interests towards achieving common business goals and helps us target a high satisfaction and retention rate of physicians. Having good physician relationships is also fundamental to our success in developing and operating IPAs. We begin development of new IPAs by identifying underserved markets. As noted previously, we are focused on launching IPAs in markets around our micro-hospitals. Doing so leverages our existing physician relationships and increases visibility of our micro-hospitals in the marketplace. Once the physician provider n etwork is secured, we work to contract with health insurance plans and begin enrolling patients in the new IPA. We may achieve our growth strategy in part by acquiring or contracting existing healthcare facilities and IPAs. We currently have an IPA presence in the top three states for seniors: California, Florida, and Texas, which make up a quarter of the nation’s seniors. Competition The healthcare industry is highly competitive and highly fragmented. We face competition in every aspect of our business, including in offering a favorable payment structure for existing physician partners and attracting physician partners who are not contracted with us, from a range of large and medium-sized local and national companies that provide care under a variety of models that could attract patients, providers, and payors. Our primary competitors are free-standing emergency departments and traditional large local hospital systems that are developing micro-hospitals to increase their footprint in their local communities. Our competitors typically vary by geography, and we may also encounter competition in the future from other new entrants. Since there are no substantial capital expenditures required for providing healthcare services, as facilities and equipment may be leased, there are few financial barriers to entry. Other companies or hospital groups could enter the micro-hospital market in the future and divert some, or all, of our business. Our ability to compete successfully varies from location to location and depends on a number of factors that include, but are not limited to, the number of competing facilities in the local market and the types of services available at those facilities, our local reputation for quality care of members, the commitment and expertise of our medical staff, our local service offerings and community programs, the cost of care in each locality, and the physical appearance, location, age and condition of our facilities. Our growth strategy and our business could be adversely affected if we are not able to continue to operate in existing geographies, successfully expand into new geographies or maintain or establish new relationships with physician partners. See “Risk Factors.” The principal competitive factors in our business include the nature and caliber of relationships with physicians; patient healthcare quality, outcomes, and cost; the strength of relationships with payors; the quality of the physician experience; local geography leadership position; and the strength of the underlying economic model. We believe our business, partnership and operations model enables us to compete favorably. The Healthcare Industry According to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS, national healthcare expenditures grew 7.2% in 2024 to $5.3 trillion. Federal expenditure for healthcare increased by 5.5% due to the initial impacts of the Inflation Reduction Act on federal Medicare spending and faster spending growth for Medicare hospital and physician spending, while private health insurance spending increased by 8.8%. CMS anticipates that total U.S. healthcare annual expenditures will account for approximately 20.3% of the total U.S. gross domestic product by 2033. 5 Table of Contents Hospital services, the market within the healthcare industry in which we primarily operate, is the largest single category of healthcare expenditures. In 2024, hospital care expenditures increased 9.2% from the previous year and totaled about $1.7 trillion. CMS projects that the hospital services category will grow at an average of 5.5% annually from 2028 through 2033, reaching nearly $2.7 trillion by 2033. The U.S. hospital industry includes acute care, rehabilitation and psychiatric facilities that are either public (government owned and operated), not-for-profit private (religious or secular), or for-profit institutions (investor owned). According to the American Hospital Association, there are approximately 5,112 community hospitals in the U.S., which are not-for-profit owned, investor owned, or state or local government owned. Of these hospitals, approximately 35% are located in non-urban communities. Hospital facilities offer a broad range of healthcare services, including internal medicine, general surgery, cardiology, oncology, orthopedics, OB/GYN and emergency services. In addition, hospitals offer other ancillary services, including psychiatric, diagnostic, rehabilitation, home care and outpatient surgery services. Patients needing the most complex care are more often served by larger and/or more specialized urban hospitals. We believe opportunities exist in selected markets to create micro-hospitals serving the community’s emergency medical needs which expand the reach of healthcare services and have lower wait times for care than often seen in larger hospital emergency departments. Physician and clinical services expenditures grew 7.4% to $978.0 billion in 2023, faster growth than the 4.6% in 2022. Relative spending for primary care in the U.S. is lower than that of many other developed nations. Preventative primary care is an important focus of U.S. healthcare education to consumers with the goal of improving patient care outcomes through early detection and treatment of illnesses. It also has the added benefit of reducing healthcare costs as extended hospital stays and more costly treatments may be avoided. Consumers desire affordable primary care with access to specialists as needed. We believe this need may be met in markets we service through our IPAs. Our IPAs offer a trusted network of primary care physicians and specialists fostering closer patient-physician relationships. Governmental Regulation The healthcare industry is heavily regulated and closely scrutinized by federal, state and local governments. Comprehensive statutes and regulations govern the manner in which we provide and bill for services and collect reimbursement from governmental programs and private payors, our contractual relationships with our providers, vendors and clients, our marketing activities and other aspects of our operations. Of particular importance are: • No Surprises Act; • the federal physician self-referral law, commonly referred to as the Stark Law; • the federal Anti-Kickback Act; • the criminal healthcare fraud provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA); • the federal False Claims Act; • reassignment of payment rules that prohibit certain types of billing and collection; • similar state law provisions pertaining to anti-kickback, self-referral and false claims issues; • state laws that prohibit general business corporations, such as us, from practicing medicine; and • laws that regulate debt collection practices as applied to our debt collection practices. Arbitration process Federal Rules Applicable to Out-of-Network Billing Congress enacted the No Surprises Act (“NSA”) effective January 1, 2022, to protect patients from surprise medical bills incurred when they receive emergency medical services from out-of-network healthcare providers, as well as non-emergency services at in-network facilities, and air ambulance services. The NSA achieves this by relieving patients from financial liability for surprise bills and creating an Independent Dispute Resolution (“IDR”) process for billing disputes between providers and insurers. The patient is not involved in this process, and payment is issued directly to the provider. The IDR process safeguards providers by promoting fair reimbursement from payors, helping ensure their continued ability to deliver care. 6 Table of Contents • Independent Dispute Resolution . Under the IDR provisions, Nutex Health and the insurer first must try to agree on a price for the services. If negotiations fail, either party has four days to initiate IDR proceedings. If the parties pursue IDR, either the parties or the Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) selects a certified independent dispute resolution entity (“CIDRE”) to determine the final payment amount. • Certified Independent Dispute Resolution Entity . The CIDRE has the sole discretion to determine both the eligibility of claims submitted for the IDR process, subject to federal and state regulations, and the amount the payor owes the provider. • The CIDRE makes a threshold determination of IDR eligibility and sets the payment amount by choosing between the offers of each party; the provider and insurer each submit a final offer, and the CIDRE selects one party’s offer as the award after reviewing and evaluating all statutorily required information submitted by both parties. • In deciding which offer to award, the CIDRE must consider several factors outlined in the law, only one of which is the insurer’s qualifying payment amount (“QPA”), defined as the “median of the contracted rates recognized by the plan or issuer . . . for the same or a similar item or service” offered in the same insurance market and geographic area. Among the other factors to be considered are the complexity or acuity of the case, the doctor’s expertise, and the scope of services provided at the facility. See also below “Legal Challenges to HHS Final Rule – Federal Court removes restrictions imposed on arbitrators in 2022 HHS final Rules (TMA II).” • Arbitration Awards Are Binding . In the absence of a fraudulent claim or evidence of a misrepresentation of facts to the CIDRE, the IDR award is binding upon the parties involved and payment of the award must be made not later than 30 days after the date on which the payment determination is made. • Patients are not involved in open negotiations or the IDR process, and payors must issue any IDR award payments directly to the provider. • The NSA empowers HHS to assess penalties against insurers for failure to comply with the NSA, including timely payment of CIDRE awards. However, as illustrated by the pending legislation discussed below under “Future Expectations,” significant enforcement gaps remain in the current law. • Reopening of Disputes Closed Prior to June 6, 2025 Only for CIDRE Clerical, Jurisdictional or Procedural Errors. On June 6, 2025 HHS published a Technical Assistance allowing the reopening of arbitration cases closed prior to June 6, 2025 solely for clerical, jurisdictional or procedural errors by the CIDRE. Errors by the parties or substantive disputes among the parties, in particular, with respect to the qualifying payment amount and related statutorily prescribed fac