Item 1 Business The Company and its Subsidiaries National Fuel Gas Company (the Registrant), incorporated in 1902, is a holding company organized under the laws of the State of New Jersey. The Registrant owns directly or indirectly all of the outstanding securities of its subsidiaries. Reference to “the Company” in this report means the Registrant, the Registrant and its subsidiaries or the Registrant’s subsidiaries as appropriate in the context of the disclosure. Also, all references to a certain year in this report relate to the Company’s fiscal year ended September 30 of that year unless otherwise noted. The Company is a diversified energy company engaged principally in the production, gathering, transportation, storage and distribution of natural gas. The Company operates an integrated business, with assets centered in western New York and Pennsylvania, being used for, and benefiting from, the production and transportation of natural gas from the Appalachian Basin. Current natural gas production development activities are focused in the Marcellus and Utica shales, geological formations that are present nearly a mile or more below the surface in the Appalachian region of the United States. Pipeline development activities are designed to transport natural gas production to both existing and new markets. The common geographic footprint of the Company’s subsidiaries enables them to share management, labor, facilities and support services across various businesses and pursue coordinated projects designed to produce and transport natural gas from the Appalachian Basin to markets in the eastern United States and Canada. The Company reports financial results for three business segments: Integrated Upstream and Gathering, Pipeline and Storage, and Utility. 1. The Integrated Upstream and Gathering segment is composed of the operations of Seneca Resources Company, LLC and National Fuel Gas Midstream Company, LLC, both Pennsylvania limited liability companies. Seneca is engaged in the exploration for, and development of, natural gas reserves in the Appalachian region of the United States. Midstream Company builds, owns and operates natural gas processing and pipeline gathering facilities in the Appalachian region, primarily providing gathering services to Seneca. At September 30, 2025, Seneca had proved developed and undeveloped reserves of 4,980,410 MMcf of natural gas and 180 Mbbl of oil. 2. The Pipeline and Storage segment operations are carried out by National Fuel Gas Supply Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation, and Empire Pipeline, Inc., a New York corporation. Supply Corporation and Empire provide interstate natural gas transportation services for affiliated and nonaffiliated companies through integrated natural gas pipeline systems in Pennsylvania and New York. Supply Corporation also provides storage services through its underground natural gas storage fields, and Empire provides storage service (via lease with Supply Corporation) to a nonaffiliated company. 3. The Utility segment operations are carried out by National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation, a New York corporation. Distribution Corporation provides natural gas utility services to approximately 756,000 customers through a local distribution system located in western New York and northwestern Pennsylvania. The principal metropolitan areas served by Distribution Corporation include Buffalo, Niagara Falls and Jamestown, New York and Erie and Sharon, Pennsylvania. Financial information about each of the Company’s business segments can be found in Item 7, MD&A and also in Item 8 at Note M — Business Segment Information. Revenue from one customer of the Company’s Integrated Upstream and Gathering segment, exclusive of hedging losses transacted with separate parties, represented approximately $258 million, or 11.3%, of the Company’s consolidated revenue for the year ended September 30, 2025. This one customer was also a customer of the Company’s Pipeline and Storage segment, accounting for an additional $16 million, or 0.7%, of the Company’s consolidated revenue for the year ended September 30, 2025. -6- Rates and Regulation The Company’s businesses are subject to regulation under a wide variety of federal, state and local laws, regulations and policies. This includes federal and state agency regulations with respect to rate proceedings, project permitting and environmental requirements. The Company is subject to the jurisdiction of the FERC with respect to Supply Corporation, Empire and some transactions performed by other Company subsidiaries. The FERC, among other things, approves the rates that Supply Corporation and Empire may charge to their gas transportation and/or storage customers. Those approved rates also impact the returns that Supply Corporation and Empire may earn on the assets that are dedicated to those operations. The operations of Distribution Corporation are subject to the jurisdiction of the NYPSC, the PaPUC and, with respect to certain transactions, the FERC. The NYPSC and the PaPUC, among other things, approve the rates that Distribution Corporation may charge to its utility customers. Those approved rates also impact the returns that Distribution Corporation may earn on the assets that are dedicated to those operations. If Supply Corporation, Empire or Distribution Corporation are unable to obtain approval from these regulators for the rates they are requesting to charge customers, particularly when necessary to cover increased costs, earnings may decrease. For additional discussion of the Pipeline and Storage and Utility segments’ rates, see Item 7, MD&A under the heading “Rate Matters” and Item 8 at Note A — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Regulatory Mechanisms) and Note F — Regulatory Matters. The discussion under Item 8 at Note F — Regulatory Matters includes a description of the regulatory assets and liabilities reflected on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets in accordance with applicable accounting standards. To the extent that the criteria set forth in such accounting standards are not met by the operations of the Utility segment or the Pipeline and Storage segment, as the case may be, the related regulatory assets and liabilities would be eliminated from the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets and such accounting treatment would be discontinued. The FERC also exercises jurisdiction over the construction and operation of interstate gas transmission and storage facilities and possesses significant penalty authority with respect to violations of the laws and regulations it administers. The Company is also subject to the jurisdiction of the PHMSA. PHMSA issues regulations and conducts evaluations, among other things, that set safety standards for pipelines and underground storage facilities. PHMSA may delegate this authority to a state, as it has in New York and Pennsylvania, and that state may choose to institute more stringent safety regulations for the construction, operation and maintenance of intrastate facilities. In addition to this state safety program, the NYPSC imposes additional requirements on the construction of certain utility facilities. Increased regulation by these agencies, and other regulators, or requested changes to construction projects, could lead to operational delays or restrictions and increase compliance costs that the Company may not be able to recover fully through rates or otherwise offset. For additional discussion of the material effects of compliance with government environmental regulation, see Item 7, MD&A under the heading “Environmental Matters.” The Integrated Upstream and Gathering Segment The Integrated Upstream and Gathering segment contributed net income of $324.7 million in 2025. Additional discussion of the Integrated Upstream and Gathering segment appears below in this Item 1 under the headings “Sources and Availability of Raw Materials” and “Competition: The Integrated Upstream and Gathering Segment,” in Item 7, MD&A and in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The Pipeline and Storage Segment The Pipeline and Storage segment contributed net income of $121.0 million in 2025. The Pipeline and Storage segment generated approximately 35% of its revenues in 2025 from services provided to the Utility segment or Integrated Upstream and Gathering segment. -7- Additional discussion of the Pipeline and Storage segment appears below under the headings “Sources and Availability of Raw Materials,” “Competition: The Pipeline and Storage Segment” and “Seasonality,” in Item 7, MD&A and in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The Utility Segment The Utility segment contributed net income of $83.2 million in 2025. Additional discussion of the Utility segment appears below under the headings “Sources and Availability of Raw Materials,” “Competition: The Utility Segment” and “Seasonality,” in Item 7, MD&A and in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. All Other Category and Corporate Operations The All Other category and Corporate operations incurred a net loss of $10.4 million in 2025. Additional discussion of the All Other category and Corporate operations appears below in Item 7, MD&A and in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Sources and Availability of Raw Materials The Integrated Upstream and Gathering segment seeks to discover and produce raw materials (primarily natural gas). It also gathers, processes and transports natural gas largely produced by Seneca, as further described in this report in Item 7, MD&A and Item 8 at Note M — Business Segment Information and Note N — Supplementary Information for Exploration and Production Activities. The Pipeline and Storage segment transports and stores natural gas owned by its customers, whose gas primarily originates in the Appalachian region of the United States, as well as other gas supply regions in the United States and Canada. Additional discussion of proposed pipeline projects appears in Item 7, MD&A. Natural gas is the principal raw material for the Utility segment. In 2025, the Utility segment purchased 77.4 Bcf of gas (including 75.5 Bcf for delivery to retail customers and 1.9 Bcf used in operations) pursuant to its purchase contracts with firm delivery requirements. Gas purchased from producers and suppliers in the United States under multi-month contracts accounted for 46% of these purchases. Purchases of gas in the spot market (contracts of one month or less) accounted for 54% of the Utility segment’s 2025 purchases. Purchases from DTE Energy Trading, Inc. (33%), Emera Energy Services, Inc. (11%), Chevron Natural Gas (10%), Shell Energy North America (7%), and NRG Business Marketing, LLC (6%) accounted for nearly 67% of the Utility segment’s 2025 gas purchases. No other producer or supplier provided the Utility segment with more than 5% of its gas requirements in 2025. The Utility segment does not directly purchase gas from affiliates. Competition Competition in the natural gas industry exists among providers of natural gas, as well as between natural gas and other sources of energy, such as fuel oil, geothermal, and electrification technologies. Management believes that the reliability and affordability of natural gas support its competitive position relative to electrification and other energy sources. The Company competes on the basis of price, service and reliability, product performance and other factors. Sources and providers of energy, other than those described under this “Competition” heading, do not compete with the Company to any significant extent. Competition: The Integrated Upstream and Gathering Segment The Integrated Upstream and Gathering Segment, composed of Seneca and Midstream Company, competes with major integrated and independent natural gas producers and marketers in the sale of natural gas, as well as in the acquisition, exploration, and development of mineral rights and leasehold interests. Seneca serves as the primary operator on its properties and employs advanced technologies to support exploration and development activities. It maintains a robust portfolio of firm transportation and physical firm sales contracts and utilizes financial hedging strategies to mitigate commodity price volatility and protect cash flows. -8- Midstream Company provides gathering services primarily for Seneca, and to a lesser extent, for other producers in the Appalachian region. It competes with other natural gas gathering and processing companies and benefits from close operational alignment with Seneca, enabling cost-effective and timely delivery of production to market. The integration of upstream and gathering operations is a key differentiator within the industry, enabling greater capital allocation efficiency and a low-cost structure that supports resilient margins across commodity cycles. Operating as a unified business enhances performance by streamlining development timelines, reducing third-party dependencies, and improving coordination between drilling and gathering activities. These synergies contribute to increased capital efficiency, with a focus on maximizing production and resource recovery per dollar invested. Competition: The Pipeline and Storage Segment Supply Corporation competes for growth in the natural gas market with other pipeline companies transporting gas in the northeast United States and with other companies providing gas storage services. Supply Corporation has some unique characteristics which enhance its competitive position. Most of Supply Corporation’s facilities are in or near areas overlying the Marcellus and Utica shale production areas in Pennsylvania, and it has established interconnections with producers and other pipelines that provide access to these supplies and to premium off-system markets. Its facilities are also located adjacent to the Canadian border at the Niagara River providing access to markets in Canada and the northeastern and midwestern United States via the TC Energy pipeline system. Supply Corporation is well positioned to support potential data center and power generation development in both New York and Pennsylvania through the expansion of its existing facilities, including via its Line N pipeline, which interconnects with multiple interstate pipelines and is proximate to significant in-basin natural gas production. Supply Corporation has developed and placed into service a number of pipeline expansion projects designed to transport natural gas to key markets in New York, Pennsylvania, the northeastern United States, Canada, and to long-haul pipelines with access to the U.S. Midwest, Mid-Atlantic and the Gulf Coast. For further discussion of Pipeline and Storage projects, refer to Item 7, MD&A under the heading “Investing Cash Flow.” Empire competes for natural gas market growth with other pipeline companies transporting gas in the northeast United States and upstate New York in particular. Empire is well situated to provide transportation of Appalachian shale gas as well as gas supplies available at Empire’s interconnects with TC Energy at Chippawa and Millennium Pipeline at Corning. Empire’s geographic location provides it the opportunity to compete for service to its on-system LDC markets, as well as for a share of the gas transportation markets into Canada (via Chippawa) and into the northeastern United States. Various expansion projects on Empire have expanded its footprint and capability, allowing Empire to serve new markets in New York and elsewhere in the Northeast, and to attach to prolific Marcellus and Utica supplies principally from Tioga and Bradford Counties in Pennsylvania. Like Supply Corporation, Empire’s expanded system facilitates transportation of natural gas to key markets within New York State, the northeastern United States and Canada. Competition: The Utility Segment With respect to gas commodity service, in New York and Pennsylvania, both of which have implemented “unbundling” policies that allow customers to choose their gas commodity supplier, Distribution Corporation has retained a substantial majority of small sales customers. In both New York and Pennsylvania, approximately 8% of Distribution Corporation’s small-volume residential and commercial customers purchase their supplies from unregulated marketers. In contrast, almost all large commercial and industrial customers are served by marketers. However, retail competition for gas commodity service does not pose an acute competitive threat for Distribution Corporation, because in both jurisdictions, utility cost of service is recovered through rates and charges for gas delivery service, not gas commodity service. Competition for transportation service to large-volume customers continues with local producers or pipeline companies attempting to sell or transport gas directly to end-users located within the Utility segment’s service territories without use of the utility’s facilities (i.e., bypass). In addition, while competition with fuel oil -9- suppliers continues to exist and competition with electrification alternatives is growing, particularly in New York State, natural gas retains its competitive position from a reliability and affordability standpoint. The Utility segment competes in its most vulnerable markets (the large commercial and industrial markets) by offering unbundled, flexible, high quality services. The Utility segment continues to advance programs promoting the efficient use of natural gas. Legislative and regulatory measures to address climate change and greenhouse gas emissions are in various phases of discussion or implementation in jurisdictions that impact the Utility segment. In addition to the federal Inflation Reduction Act, New York, for example, adopted the CLCPA in July 2019, which could ultimately result in increased competition from electric and geothermal forms of energy. However, given the extended time frames associated with the CLCPA’s emission reduction mandates as discussed in Item 7, MD&A under the heading “Environmental Matters” and subheading “Environmental Regulation,” any meaningful competition and/or business impacts resulting from the CLCPA cannot be determined. Seasonality Variations in weather conditions can materially affect the volume of natural gas delivered by the Utility segment, as virtually all of its residential and commercial customers use natural gas for space heating. The effect that this has on Utility segment margins is largely mitigated by a weather normalization adjustment (WNA). Prior to October 2023, the weather impact on cash flow in the Utility segment was mitigated by a WNA solely in its New York rate jurisdiction. However, effective October 2023, the weather impact on cash flow in the Utility segment is also mitigated by a WNA in its Pennsylvania rate jurisdiction. Refer to Item 8, Note A — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under the heading “Regulatory Mechanisms” for additional discussion. Under the WNA, weather that is warmer than normal results in an upward adjustment to customers’ current bills, while weather that is colder than normal results in a downward adjustment, so that in either case projected delivery revenues calculated at normal temperatures will be largely recovered. Volumes transported and stored by Supply Corporation and Empire may vary significantly depending on weather, without materially affecting the revenues of those companies. Supply Corporation’s and Empire’s allowed rates are based on a straight fixed-variable rate design which allows recovery of fixed costs in fixed monthly reservation charges. Variable charges based on volumes are designed to recover only the variable costs associated with actual transportation or storage of gas. Capital Expenditures A discussion of capital expenditures by business segment is included in Item 7, MD&A under the heading “Investing Cash Flow.” Environmental Matters A discussion of material environmental matters involving the Company is included in Item 7, MD&A under the heading “Environmental Matters” and in Item 8, Note L — Commitments and Contingencies. Miscellaneous The Utility segment has numerous municipal franchises under which it uses public roads and certain other rights-of-way and public property for the location of facilities. The Company makes its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, available free of charge on the Company’s website, www.nationalfuel.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information available at the Company’s website is not part of this Form 10-K or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. Human Capital The Company aims to attract qualified employees, and to retain those employees through offering competitive benefits and compensation packages, and career development and training opportunities in a safe, inclusive and productive work environment. Human capital measures and objectives that the Company focuses -10- on in managing its business are outlined below. Additional information regarding the Company’s human capital measures and objectives is contained in the Company’s recently published Corporate Responsibility Report, which is available on the Company’s website, www.nationalfuel.com. The information on the Company’s website is not, and will not be deemed to be, a part of this annual report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any of the Company’s other filings with the SEC. Employees and Collective Bargaining Agreements The Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries had a total of 2,322 full-time employees at September 30, 2025. As of September 30, 2025, 47% of the Company’s active workforce was covered under collective bargaining agreements. The Company has agreements in place with collective bargaining units in New York into February 2029. Additionally, the Company has agreements with collective bargaining units in Pennsylvania into April 2026 and will begin negotiations with the two bargaining units in Pennsylvania in late 2025. Company Culture The Company is committed to creating a safe and inclusive work environment for all employees. In managing the business, the Company focuses on the safety of its employees, contractors and communities and has implemented safety programs and management practices to promote a culture of safety. This includes required trainings for both field and office employees, as well as specific qualifications and certifications for field employees and applicable contractors. The Company also ties executive compensation and salaried variable pay programs to safety related goals to emphasize the importance of and focus on safety at the Company. The Company has also implemented policies and training that reinforce the Company’s commitment to inclusion in the workplace. The Company’s policies prohibit discrimination or harassment against any employee or applicant on the basis of sex, race/ethnicity, and other protected categories. The Company communicates to employees its commitment to a harassment free workplace through the onboarding process, annual distribution and acknowledgement of the Company’s Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy, and training for all employees including management. Voluntary Attrition Rate The Company measures the voluntary attrition rate of its employees in assessing the Company’s overall human capital. The Company’s voluntary attrition rate was 4.7% (not including retirements), which is relatively the same as last year’s attrition rate. The Company continues to actively monitor employee metrics, including attrition rate, as an indicator of management of and responsiveness to human capital matters. No Work Stoppages During fiscal 2025, the Company did not incur any work stoppages (strikes or lockouts) and therefore experienced zero idle days for the fiscal year. Employee Benefits, Compensation and Development To attract employees and meet the needs of the Company’s workforce, the Company offers market-competitive benefits packages and compensation to employees of its subsidiaries. The Company’s benefits package options and career development opportunities may vary depending on type of employee and date of hire. Benefits packages may include healthcare benefits, financial and retirement benefits, insurance benefits, and lifestyle benefits. Additionally, the Company periodically conducts employee surveys to provide additional insight into employee perspectives and interest in desired benefits. The Company’s compensation program for salaried employees is intended to align employee compensation with the market while providing greater incentive to the Company’s employees to work toward the achievement of Company goals. This meaningful investment illustrates the Company’s view that attracting, retaining and motivating our employees is integral to the Company’s success. -11- The Company provides its employees with professional development and training resources to enhance their careers within the Company, which, depending on employee type, may include the following: (i) tuition aid program; (ii) sponsorship for professional licensing; (iii) corporate and technical training programs; (iv) continuous talent review and succession planning; (v) voluntary mentorship programs; and (vi) professional development and cross-training discussions encouraged through annual performance reviews and career development discussions. Executive Officers of the Company as of November 15, 2025(1) Name and Age (as of November 15, 2025) Current Company Positions and Other Material Business Experience During Past Five Years David P. Bauer (56) Chief Executive Officer of the Company since July 2019. Michael D. Colpoys (61) President of Distribution Corporation since July 2025. Mr. Colpoys previously served as Senior Vice President of Distri