Item 1A Risk Factors STRATEGIC RISKS The Company is dependent on capital and credit markets to successfully execute its business strategies. The Company relies upon short-term bank borrowings, commercial paper markets and longer-term capital markets to finance capital requirements not satisfied by cash flow from operations. The Company is dependent on these capital sources to provide capital to its subsidiaries to fund operations, acquire, maintain and develop properties, and execute growth strategies. The availability and cost of credit sources may be cyclical and these capital sources may not remain available to the Company. Turmoil in credit markets may make it difficult for the Company to obtain financing on acceptable terms or at all for working capital, capital expenditures and other investments, or to refinance existing debt. These difficulties could adversely affect the Company’s growth strategies, operations and financial performance. The Company’s ability to borrow under its credit facilities and commercial paper agreements, and its ability to issue long-term debt under its indenture, depend on the Company’s compliance with its obligations under the facilities, agreements and indenture. The Company’s short-term bank loans, commercial paper, and borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement, entered into on February 14, 2024 with six lenders (the “Term Loan Agreement”), are in the form of floating rate debt or debt that may have rates fixed for short periods of time (up to six months), resulting in exposure to interest rate fluctuations in the absence of interest rate hedging transactions. The cost of long-term debt, the interest rates on the Company’s short-term bank loans, commercial paper, and borrowings under its Term Loan Agreement, and the ability of the Company to issue commercial paper are affected by its credit ratings published by S&P, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Fitch Ratings, Inc. A downgrade in the Company’s credit ratings could increase borrowing costs, restrict or eliminate access to commercial paper markets, negatively impact the availability of capital from uncommitted sources, and require the Company’s subsidiaries to post letters of credit, cash or other assets as collateral with certain counterparties. Additionally, $2.4 billion of the Company’s outstanding long-term debt would be subject to an interest rate increase if certain fundamental changes occur that involve a material subsidiary and result in a downgrade of a credit rating assigned to the notes below investment grade. In addition, we may be subject to financial risks related to our planned acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Vectren Energy Delivery of Ohio, LLC (“CenterPoint Ohio”) from CenterPoint Energy Resources Corp. (the “Seller”). For discussion of these risks, refer to the risk factor under the heading “ The planned acquisition of CenterPoint Ohio may limit our financial flexibility. ” The regulatory, legislative, consumer behaviors and capital access developments related to climate change may adversely affect operations and financial results. The laws, regulations and other initiatives to address climate change may impact the Company’s financial results. Federal, state and local legislative and regulatory initiatives proposed or adopted in an attempt to limit the effects of climate change, including greenhouse gas emissions, could have significant impacts on the energy industry including government-imposed limitations, prohibitions or moratoriums on the use and/or production of natural gas, establishment of a carbon tax and/or methane fee, lack of support for system modernization, as well as accelerated depreciation of assets and/or stranded assets. Federal and state legislatures have from time to time considered bills that would establish a cap-and-trade program, cap-and-invest program, methane fee, carbon tax, or other similar mechanisms to provide incentive for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. A number of states have also adopted energy strategies or plans with goals that include the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. For example, Pennsylvania has a methane reduction framework for the natural gas industry which has resulted in permitting changes with the stated goal of reducing methane emissions from well sites, compressor stations and pipelines. Furthermore, in 2019, the New York State legislature passed the CLCPA, which created emission reduction and electrification mandates, and could ultimately impact the Utility segment’s customer base and business. Pursuant to the CLCPA, in December 2022, New York’s Climate Action Council (“CAC”) approved a final scoping plan that includes -13- recommendations to strategically downsize and decarbonize the natural gas system and curtail use of natural gas and natural gas appliances, as well as recommendations to meet the CLCPA’s emissions reduction targets in the transportation, buildings, electricity, industry, agriculture & forestry and waste sectors. The final scoping plan also recommends statewide and cross-sector policies relevant to gas system transition, economywide strategies, land use, local government, and adaptation and resilience. Additionally, the scoping plan recommends the implementation of a cap-and-invest program in New York. In January 2023, New York’s Governor directed the NYDEC and the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority to advance an economywide cap-and-invest program that establishes a declining cap on greenhouse gas emissions, and invests in programs to drive emissions reductions. In addition, in October 2025, a New York State court directed NYDEC to promulgate rules and regulations to ensure compliance with emissions reductions limits outlined in the CLCPA by February 6, 2026, which may include such a cap-and-invest program. If this proposed program or a similar program becomes effective and the Company becomes subject to new or revised cap-and-trade programs, cap-and-invest programs, methane charges, fees for carbon-based fuels or other similar costs or charges, the Company may experience additional costs and incremental operating expenses, which would impact our future earnings and cash flows, and may also experience decreased revenue in the event that implementation of these policies leads to reduced demand for natural gas. In addition to the CLCPA, legislation or regulation that aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions could also include natural gas bans, greenhouse gas emissions limits and reporting requirements, carbon taxes and/or similar fees on carbon dioxide, methane or equivalent emissions, restrictive permitting, increased efficiency standards requiring system remediation and/or changes in operating practices, and incentives or mandates to conserve energy or use renewable energy sources. For example, in May 2023, New York State passed legislation that prohibits the installation of fossil fuel burning equipment and building systems in new buildings commencing on or after December 31, 2025, subject to various exemptions. While the Company does not currently expect that this legislation will have a substantial impact on its financial results or operations, future legislation or regulation that aims to reduce natural gas demand or to impose additional operations requirements or restrictions on natural gas facilities, if effectuated, could impact our future earnings and cash flows. In addition, in December 2024 (and later amended in February 2025), New York’s Governor signed the Climate Change Superfund Act into law, which will require certain fossil fuel producers, refiners and related entities to pay into a state “climate superfund” an amount commensurate with the entity’s past global greenhouse gas emissions over a specified period of time. The NYDEC has until June 2027 to develop implementing regulations. The Act is currently the subject of multiple federal court lawsuits challenging its constitutionality. Additionally, the trend toward increased energy conservation, change in consumer behaviors, competition from renewable energy sources, and technological advances to address climate change may reduce the demand for natural gas, which could impact our future earnings and cash flows. For further discussion of the risks associated with environmental regulation to address climate change, refer to Part II, Item 7, MD&A under the heading “Environmental Matters.” Further, the trend toward a low-carbon economy could shift funding away from, or limit or restrict certain sources of funding for, companies focused on fossil fuel-related development or carbon-intensive investments. To the extent financial markets view climate change and greenhouse gas emissions as a financial risk, the Company’s cost of and access to capital could be negatively impacted. Organized opposition to the natural gas industry could have an adverse effect on Company operations. Organized opposition to the natural gas industry, including exploration and production activity, pipeline expansion and replacement projects, and the extension and continued operation of natural gas distribution systems, may continue to increase as a result of, among other things, safety incidents involving natural gas facilities, and concerns raised by policymakers, financial institutions and advocacy groups about greenhouse gas emissions, hydraulic fracturing, or fossil fuels generally. This opposition may lead to increased regulatory and legislative initiatives that could place limitations, prohibitions or moratoriums on the use and development of natural gas, impose costs tied to carbon emissions, provide cost advantages to alternative energy sources, or impose mandates that increase operational costs associated with new or existing natural gas infrastructure and technology. There are also increasing litigation risks associated with climate change concerns and related -14- disclosures. Increased litigation could cause operational delays or restrictions, and increase the Company’s operating costs. In turn, these factors could impact the competitive position of natural gas, ultimately affecting the Company’s results of operations and cash flows. Delays or changes in plans or costs with respect to Company projects, including regulatory delays or denials with respect to necessary approvals, permits or orders, could delay or prevent anticipated project completion, as well as the renewal or modification of key permits for ongoing operations, and may result in asset write-offs and reduced earnings. Construction of planned distribution, gathering, and transmission pipeline and storage facilities, as well as the expansion and replacement of existing facilities, and the development of new natural gas wells, is subject to various regulatory, environmental, political, legal, economic and other development risks, including the ability to obtain necessary approvals and permits from regulatory agencies on a timely basis and on acceptable terms, or at all. Existing or potential third-party opposition, such as opposition from landowner and environmental groups, which are beyond our control, could materially affect the anticipated construction of a project as well as the renewal or modification of key permits for ongoing operations. In addition, third parties could impede the Company’s acquisition, expansion or renewal of rights-of-way or land rights on a timely basis and on acceptable terms. Any delay in project development or construction may prevent a planned project from going into service when anticipated, which could cause a delay in the receipt of revenues from those facilities, result in increased project costs due to extended construction timeframes and asset write-offs, and materially impact operating results or anticipated results. Additionally, delays in pipeline construction projects or gathering facility completion could impede Seneca’s ability to transport its production, or to fulfill obligations to sell at contracted delivery points. FINANCIAL RISKS As a holding company, the Company depends on its operating subsidiaries to meet its financial obligations. The Company is a holding company with no significant assets other than the stock of its operating subsidiaries. In order to meet its financial needs, the Company relies exclusively on repayments of principal and interest on intercompany loans made by the Company to its operating subsidiaries and income from dividends. Such operating subsidiaries may not generate sufficient net income to pay dividends to the Company or generate sufficient cash flow to make payments of principal or interest on such intercompany loans. The Company may be adversely affected by economic conditions, including trade policies, and their impact on our suppliers and customers. Periods of slowed economic activity generally result in decreased energy consumption, particularly by industrial and large commercial companies. As a consequence, national or regional recessions or other downturns in economic activity could adversely affect the Company’s revenues and cash flows or restrict its future growth. Additionally, current tariffs, as well as the imposition of additional tariffs on U.S. imports of various goods and related retaliatory tariffs, as well as supply chain disruptions, and the associated costs and inflation related thereto, could have an impact on the Company’s operations. Economic conditions in the Company’s utility service territories, along with legislative and regulatory prohibitions and/or limitations on terminations of service, also impact its collections of accounts receivable. Customers of the Company’s Utility segment may have particular trouble paying their bills during periods of declining economic activity, high inflation, or high commodity prices, potentially resulting in increased bad debt expense and reduced earnings. Similarly, if reductions were to occur in funding of the federal Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, or such funding was delayed or suspended for a prolonged period, bad debt expense could increase and earnings could decrease. In addition, exploration and production companies that are customers of the Company’s Pipeline and Storage segment may decide not to renew contracts for the same transportation capacity. Certain customers of Seneca can represent a concentrated risk from time to time. Any of these events or circumstances could have or contribute to a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. -15- Changes in interest rates may affect the Company’s financing and its regulated businesses’ rates of return. Rising interest rates may impair the Company’s ability to cost-effectively finance capital expenditures and may increase the rates at which the Company can refinance maturing debt. In addition, the Company’s authorized rate of return in its regulated businesses is based upon certain assumptions regarding interest rates. If interest rates are lower than assumed rates, the Company’s authorized rate of return could be reduced. If interest rates are higher than assumed rates, the Company’s ability to earn its authorized rate of return may be adversely impacted. Fluctuations in natural gas prices could adversely affect revenues, cash flows and profitability. Financial results in the Company’s Integrated Upstream and Gathering segment are materially dependent on prices received for its natural gas production. Both short-term and long-term price trends affect the economics of exploring for, developing, producing, and gathering natural gas. Natural gas prices can be volatile and can be affected by various factors, including weather conditions, natural disasters, consumer demand, national and worldwide economic conditions, economic disruptions caused by terrorist activities, acts of war or major accidents, domestic and foreign political conditions and events, the price and availability of alternative fuels, the proximity to, and availability of, sufficient availability of and capacity on transportation and liquefaction facilities, regional and global levels of supply and demand, energy conservation measures, and government regulations. The Company sells the natural gas that it produces at a combination of current market prices, indexed prices or through fixed- price contracts. The Company hedges a substantial portion of future sales that are based on indexed prices utilizing the physical sale counterparty and/or the financial markets. The prices the Company receives depend upon factors beyond the Company’s control, including the factors affecting price mentioned above. Any prolonged reduction in natural gas prices could result in the Company reducing the level of exploration and production activity the Company otherwise would pursue, which could have a material adverse effect on its future revenues, cash flows and results of operations. In the Company’s Pipeline and Storage segment, significant changes in the price differential between equivalent quantities of natural gas at different geographic locations or sustained high natural gas prices relative to other sources of energy could adversely impact the Company. For example, if the price of natural gas at a particular receipt point on the Company’s pipeline system increases relative to the price of natural gas at other locations, then the volume of natural gas received by the Company at the relatively more expensive receipt point may decrease, or the Company may need to discount the approved tariff rate for that transportation path in the future in order to maintain the existing volumes on its system. Changes in price differentials can cause shippers to seek alternative lower priced natural gas supplies and, consequently, alternative transportation routes. In some cases, shippers may decide not to renew transportation contracts due to changes in price differentials. While much of the impact of lower volumes under existing contracts would be offset by the straight fixed-variable rate design, this rate design does not protect Supply Corporation or Empire where shippers do not contract for expiring capacity at the same quantity and rate. If contract renewals were to decrease, revenues and earnings in this segment may decrease. Significant changes in the price differential between futures contracts for natural gas having different delivery dates could also adversely impact the Company. For example, if the prices of natural gas futures contracts for winter deliveries to locations served by the Pipeline and Storage segment decline relative to the prices of such contracts for summer deliveries (as a result, for instance, of increased production of natural gas within the segment’s geographic area or other factors), then demand for the Company’s natural gas storage services driven by that price differential could decrease. These changes could adversely affect future revenues, cash flows and results of operations. In the Company’s Utility segment, during periods when natural gas prices are significantly higher than historical levels, customer demand could be reduced, thereby decreasing delivery revenues, particularly in the Company’s Pennsylvania service territory where delivery revenues are not protected by a revenue decoupling mechanism. Customers may also have trouble paying the resulting higher bills when gas prices are higher or in periods of economic uncertainty, which could increase bad debt expenses and could ultimately reduce earnings. Additionally, increases in the cost of purchased gas affect cash flows and can therefore impact the amount or availability of the Company’s capital resources. -16- The Company has significant transactions involving price hedging of its natural gas production, fixed price natural gas sale commitments, as well as its foreign exchange transactions. To protect itself to some extent against price volatility and to lock in fixed pricing on natural gas production for certain periods of time, Seneca regularly enters into commodity price derivatives contracts (hedging arrangements) with respect to a portion of its expected production. These contracts may extend over multiple years, covering a substantial majority of the Company’s expected natural gas production over the course of the current fiscal year, and lesser percentages of subsequent years’ expected production. These contracts reduce exposure to subsequent price drops but can also limit the Company’s ability to benefit from increases in natural gas prices. The nature of these hedging contracts could lead to potential liquidity impacts in scenarios of significantly increased natural gas prices if the Company has hedged its current production at prices below the current market price. Hedging collateral deposits represent the cash, letters of credit, or other eligible instruments held in Company funded margin accounts to serve as collateral for hedging positions used at Seneca. A significant increase in natural gas prices may cause certain of the Company’s outstanding derivative instrument contracts to be in a liability position creating margin calls on the Company’s hedging arrangements, which could require the Company to temporarily post significant amounts of cash collateral with our hedge counterparties. That collateral could be in excess of the Company’s available short-term liquidity under its committed credit facility and other uncommitted sources of capital, leading to potential default under certain of its hedging arrangements. That interest-bearing cash collateral is returned to us in whole or in part upon a reduction in forward market prices, depending on the amount of such reduction, or in whole upon settlement of the related derivative contract. Use of price hedges, including natural gas hedges and foreign exchange hedges, also exposes the Company to the risk of nonperformance by a contract counterparty. These parties might not be able to perform their obligations under the hedge arrangements. Under the Company’s hedging guidelines, natural gas derivatives contracts must be confined to the price hedging of existing and forecasted production. The Company maintains a system of internal controls to monitor compliance with its guidelines. However, unauthorized speculative trades, if they were to occur, could expose the Company to substantial losses to cover positions in its derivatives contracts. In addition, in the event the Company’s actual production of natural gas falls short of hedged volumes, the Company may incur substantial losses to cover its hedges to the extent the hedges are in a loss position. We may be subject to risks related to increased federal oversight and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives markets and certain entities that participate in those markets. For discussion of these risks, refer to Item 7, MD&A under the heading “Market Risk Sensitive Instruments.” You should not place undue reliance on reserve information because such information represents estimates. This Form 10-K contains estimates of the Company’s proved natural gas reserves and the future net cash flows from those reserves, which the Company’s petroleum engineers prepared and independent petroleum engineers audited. Petroleum engineers consider many factors and make assumptions in estimating natural gas reserves and future net cash flows. These factors include: historical production from the area compared with production from other producing areas; the assumed effect of governmental regulation; and assumptions concerning natural gas prices, production and development costs, severance and excise taxes, and capital expenditures. Changes in natural gas prices impact the quantity of economic natural gas reserves. Estimates of reserves and expected future cash flows prepared by different engineers, or by the same engineers at different times, may differ substantially. Ultimately, actual production, revenues and expenditures relating to the Company’s reserves will vary from any estimates, and these variations may be material. Accordingly, the accuracy of the Company’s reserve estimates is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. If conditions remain constant, then the Company is reasonably certain that its reserve estimates represent economically recoverable natural gas reserves and future net cash flows. If conditions change in the future, then -17- subsequent reserve estimates may be revised accordingly. You should not assume that the present value of future net cash flows from the Company’s proved reserves is the current market value of the Company’s estimated natural gas reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, the Company bases the estimated discounted future net cash flows from its proved reserves on a 12-month average of historical prices for natural gas (based on first day of the month prices and adjusted for hedging) and on costs as of the date of the estimate, which are all discounted at the SEC mandated discount rate. Actual future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the net present value estimate. Any significant price changes will have a material effect on the present value of the Company’s reserves. Petroleum engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of natural gas and other hydrocarbons that cannot be measured in an exact manner. The process of estimating natural gas reserves is complex. The process involves significant assumptions in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data for each reservoir. Future economic and operating conditions are uncertain, and changes in those conditions could cause a revision to the Company’s reserve estimates in the future. Estimates of economically recoverable natural gas reserves and of future net cash flows depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, including historical production from the area compared with production from other comparable producing areas, and the assumed effects of regulations by governmental agencies. Because all reserve estimates are to some degree subjective, each of the following items may differ materially from those assumed in estimating reserves: the quantities of natural gas that are ultimately recovered, the timing of the recovery of natural gas reserves, the production and operating costs to be incurred, the amount and timing of future development and abandonment expenditures, and the price received for the production. Financial accounting requirements regarding exploration and production activities may affect the Company ’ s profitability. The Company accounts for its exploration and production activities under the full cost method of accounting. Each quarter, the Company must perform a “ceiling test” calculation, comparing the level of its unamortized investment in exploration and production properties to the present value of the future net revenue projected to be recovered from those properties according to methods prescribed by the SEC. In determining present value, the Company uses a 12-month historical average price for commodity pricing (based on first day of the month prices and adjusted for hedging) as well as the SEC mandated discount rate. If, at the end of any quarter, the amount of the unamortized investment exceeds the net present value of the projected future cash flows, such investment may be considered to be “impaired,” and the full cost authoritative accounting and reporting guidance require that the investment must be written down to the calculated net present value. Such an instance would require the Company to recognize an immediate expense in that quarter, and its earnings would be reduced. Depending on the magnitude of any decrease in average prices, that charge could be material. In addition, because an impairment results in a charge to retained earnings, it lowers the Company’s total capitalization, all other things being equal, and increases the Company’s debt to capitalization ratio. Although the Company’s committed credit facility’s debt to capitalization covenant excludes 50% of aggregate ceiling test impairments occurring on or after July 1, 2018, up to a total of $400 million, impairments in excess of such amounts can impact the Company’s ability to maintain compliance with this debt to capitalization covenant. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 and the quarter ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded pre-tax impairments under the ceiling test of $463.7 million and $108.3 million, respectively. Depending on a number of factors, including fluctuations in or subtractions from proved reserves, increases in development costs for undeveloped reserves, and significant fluctuations in natural gas prices, the Company may record additional ceiling test impairments in future periods. OPERATIONAL RISKS The nature of the Company’s operations presents inherent risks of loss that could adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The Company’s operations in its various reporting segments are subject to inherent hazards and risks such as: fires; natural disasters; explosions; blowouts during well drilling; collapses of wellbore casing or other tubulars; pipeline ruptures; spills; and other hazards and risks that may cause personal injury, death, property damage, environmental damage or business interruption losses. Additionally, the Company’s facilities, -18- machinery, equipment, and technology/software systems may be subject to sabotage. These events, in turn, could lead to governmental investigations, recommendations, claims, fines or penalties. As protection against operational hazards, the Company maintains insurance coverage against some, but not all, potential losses. The Company also seeks, but may be unable, to secure written indemnification agreements with contractors that adequately protect the Company against liability from all of the consequences of the hazards described above. The occurrence of an event not fully insured or indemnified against, the imposition of fines, penalties or mandated programs by governmental authorities, the failure of a contractor to meet its indemnification obligations, or the failure of an insurance company to pay valid claims could result in substantial losses to the Company. In addition, insurance may not be available, or if available may not be adequate, to cover any or all of these risks. It is also possible that insurance premiums or other costs may rise significantly in the future, so as to make such insurance prohibitively expensive. Hazards and risks faced by the Company, and insurance and indemnification obtained or provided by the Company, may subject the Company to litigation or administrative proceedings from time to time. Such litigation or proceedings could result in substantial monetary judgments, fines or penalties against the Company or be resolved on unfavorable terms, the result of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our businesses depend on natural gas gathering, storage, and transmission facilities, which, if unavailable, could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Our businesses depend on natural gas gathering, storage, and transmission facilities, including third-party midstream facilities that are not within our control. Seneca, as well as our Utility segment, have entered into long-term agreements with midstream providers for natural gas gathering, storage, and/or transportation services. The disruption or unavailability of the midstream facilities required to provide these services, due to maintenance, mechanical failures, accidents, weather, regulatory requirements and/or other operational hazards, could negatively impact our ability to market and/or deliver our products, especially if such disruption were to last for an extended period of time. In addition, any substantial disruptions to the services provided by our midstream providers could cause us to curtail a significant amount of our production or could impair our ability to deliver natural gas to our utility customers and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Furthermore, as substantially all of our production is transported from the well pad to interconnections with various FERC-regulated pipelines through our affiliated gathering facilities, such a production curtailment could result in significantly reduced throughput on those facilities, adversely affecting revenues and cash flows of our Integrated Upstream and Gathering segment. Attacks on or disruption of the Company ’ s information technology and operational technology systems, including third party attempts to breach the Company’s network security, or other cybersecurity threats and incidents could adversely affect the Company ’ s operations and financial results. The Company relies on information technology and operational technology systems to process, transmit, and store information, to manage and support a variety of business processes and activities, and to comply with regulatory, legal, and tax requirements. The Company’s information technology and operational technology systems, some of which are dependent on third party business partners, may be vulnerable to damage, interruption, or shutdown due to any number of causes outside of our control such as catastrophic events, natural disasters, fires, power outages, systems failures, telecommunications failures, and employee error or malfeasance. In addition, the Company’s information technology and operational technology systems and those of our third-party business partners are subject to cybersecurity threats and attacks, including attempts by others to gain unauthorized access, or to otherwise introduce malicious software or software vulnerabilities. These attempts might be the result of industrial or other espionage, or actions by hackers seeking to harm the Company, its services or customers. These more sophisticated cyber-related attacks, as well as cybersecurity failures resulting from human error, pose a risk to the security and accessibility of the Company’s systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of the Company’s and its customers’ data. That data may be considered sensitive, confidential, or personal information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and directives. While the Company employs controls to maintain and protect its information technology and operational technology systems, the Company may be vulnerable to disruptions, cybersecurity -19- incidents, lost or corrupted data, programming errors and employee errors and/or malfeasance that could lead to interruptions to the Company’s business operations or the unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of sensitive, confidential or personal information. Cybersecurity threats or attempts to breach the Company’s network security may result in disruption of the Company’s business operations and services, delays in production, theft of sensitive and valuable data, damage to our physical systems, malicious alteration or corruption of data or systems, costs related to remediation or the payment of ransom, and litigation including individual claims or consumer class actions, commercial litigation, administrative, and civil or criminal investigations or actions, regulatory intervention and sanctions or fines, investigation and remediation costs and reputational harm. Significant expenditures may be required to remedy system disruptions, cybersecurity incidents, or breaches or address cybersecurity threats, including restoration of customer service and enhancement of information technology and operational technology systems. We have invested in the protection of data and information technology, and actively work to enhance our business continuity and disaster recovery capabilities; however, there can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful. The Company seeks to prevent, detect and investigate cybersecurity incidents, but in some cases the Company might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. In addition to existing risks and cybersecurity threats, the adoption of new technologies, including generative artificial intelligence tools, may increase the Company’s exposure to data breaches and cybersecurity incidents or the Company’s ability to detect and remediate effects of breaches and cybersecurity incidents. The Company has experienced attempts to breach its network security and cybersecurity threats and has received notifications from third-party service providers who have experienced disruptions to services or data breaches where Company data was potentially impacted. Although the scope of such occurrences and incidents is sometimes unknown, they could prove to be material to the Company. Even though insurance coverage is in place for cyber-related risks, if a material disruption or breach were to occur, the Company’s operations, earnings, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected to the extent not fully covered by such insurance. The amount and timing of actual future natural gas production and the costs of our natural gas production operations are difficult to predict and may vary significantly from estimates, which may reduce the Company’s earnings. There are many risks in developing natural gas, including numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved natural gas reserves and in projecting future rates of production and timing of development expenditures. The future success of the Company’s Integrated Upstream and Gathering segment depends on its ability to develop additional natural gas reserves that are economically recoverable, and its failure to do so may negatively impact the Company’s financial outlook for this segment. The total and timing of actual future production may vary significantly from reserves and production estimates. The Company’s drilling of development wells can involve significant risks, including those related to timing, success rates, and cost overruns, and these risks can be affected by lease and rig availability, completion crew and related equipment availability, geology, and other factors. Drilling for natural gas and related investments in supporting facilities can be unprofitable, not only from non-productive wells, but from productive wells that do not produce sufficient revenues to return a profit. Also, title problems, competition and cost to acquire mineral rights, weather conditions, governmental requirements, including completion of environmental impact analyses and compliance with other environmental laws and regulations, and shortages or delays in the delivery of equipment and services can delay drilling operations or result in their cancellation. The cost of drilling, completing, and operating wells, as well as the development of related exploration and production assets, is significant and often uncertain. New wells and related assets may not be successful or the Company may not recover all or any portion of its investment. Production can also be delayed or made uneconomic if there is insufficient gathering and transportation capacity available at an economic price to get that production to a location where it can be profitably sold. Without continued successful exploration or acquisition activities, the Company’s reserves and revenues will decline as a result of its current reserves being depleted by production. The Company cannot make assurances that it will be able to find or acquire additional reserves at acceptable costs. -20- The Company ’ s ability to access water and opportunities for disposal or recycling produced water can impact drilling and completion operations. The drilling and hydraulic fracturing process requires significant volumes of water and an ability to recycle or dispose of water produced as a by-product of gas production. Limitations or restrictions on the Company’s ability to secure sufficient amounts of water, including disruptions from natural causes (such as drought) or issues with transportation availability and costs, could impact its operations. If the Company is unable to secure adequate water volumes, drilling and completions can be delayed, or it would have to obtain new sources of water at increased costs. Similarly, if the Company experiences limitations or restrictions on its ability to recycle or dispose of its produced water, whether due to environmental regulations, permit requirements, transportation issues or other factors, producing wells may need to be shut-in and new wells may be delayed until such time as adequate recycling or disposal capacity is obtained, which can require significant lead times for permitting and could result in increased costs, delays in the Company’s operations and adverse impacts on its cash flow and results of operations. The physical risks associated with climate change may adversely affect the Company’s operations and financial results. Climate change could create acute and/or chronic physical risks to the Company’s operations, which may adversely affect financial results. Acute physical risks include more frequent and severe weather events, which may result in adverse physical effects on portions of natural gas infrastructure, and may disrupt the Company’s supply chain, workforce, and ultimately its operations. Disruption of production activities, as well as natural gas transportation and distribution systems, could result in reduced operational efficiency, and customer service interruption. Severe weather events could also cause physical damage to facilities, which could lead to r