ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 Aytu BioPharma, Inc. (“Aytu,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) is a pharmaceutical company focused on advancing innovative medicines for complex central nervous system diseases to improve the quality of life for patients. We were originally incorporated as Rosewind Corporation on August 9, 2002, in the state of Colorado and re-incorporated as Aytu BioScience, Inc. in the state of Delaware on June 8, 2015. In March 2021, we changed our name to Aytu BioPharma, Inc. Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market LLC (the “Nasdaq”) under the ticker symbol “AYTU.” Our principal office is located at 7900 East Union Avenue, Suite 920, Denver, Colorado 80237, and our telephone number is (720) 437-6580. 
 
 Our strategy is to become a leading pharmaceutical company that improves the lives of patients. We use a focused approach of in-licensing, acquiring, developing and commercializing novel prescription therapeutics in order to continue building our portfolio of revenue-generating products and leveraging our commercial team’s expertise to launch and build leading brands within large therapeutic markets. In June 2025, we entered into an Exclusive Commercialization Agreement (the “Commercialization Agreement”) with Fabre-Kramer Holdings, Inc. (“Fabre-Kramer”) to commercialize EXXUA ("Gepirone") extended-release tablets (“EXXUA”) in the United States. Gepirone is a new chemical entity, and we believe EXXUA to be a novel first-in-class selective serotonin 5HT1a receptor agonist approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) for the treatment of major depressive disorder (“MDD”) in adults. In fiscal 2026, we began selling EXXUA and made it the centerpiece of our commercial efforts. 
 
 EXXUA has been extensively studied in over 5,000 patients and represents a new class of therapeutics to compete in the over $22 billion United States prescription MDD market. We believe it can become a very important treatment option for the estimated 21.0 million Americans affected by MDD. Over 360 million antidepressant prescriptions were written in 2025 in the United States, yet significant unmet needs remain considering the unacceptable side effects associated with current therapeutics. Importantly, we believe that EXXUA is the only antidepressant acting on serotonin receptors that does not carry a label warning about the risk of sexual dysfunction. The mechanism of the antidepressant effect of EXXUA is believed to be related to its modulation of serotonin activity and, specifically, its strong binding affinity for 5HT1a receptors, which are key regulators of mood and emotion. EXXUA is not a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (“SSRI”) and has no reuptake inhibition activity. EXXUA also exhibits no significant adverse effects on weight, blood pressure, heart rate or liver function. It is our expectation that EXXUA has the potential to serve as a major growth catalyst for us and we launched EXXUA in fiscal 2026 as a centerpiece of our commercial efforts. 
 
 In addition, we will continue to focus on commercializing innovative prescription products that address central nervous system conditions, including attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (“ADHD”). We are focusing our efforts on accelerating the growth of our commercial business and achieving positive operating cash flows. To achieve these goals, we indefinitely suspended active development of our clinical development programs and have wound down and divested unprofitable operations. In the first quarter of fiscal 2025 we completed the previously announced wind down and divestiture of our Consumer Health business and now operate our business as a single operating and reporting segment. The accounting requirements for reporting the Consumer Health business as a discontinued operation were met when the wind down and divestiture was completed on July 31, 2024. Accordingly, our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented reflect the Consumer Health business as a discontinued operation. 
 
 Our business from continuing operations is focused on the commercial launch and growth of EXXUA and on our current prescription pharmaceutical products sold primarily through third-party wholesalers and pharmacies and which primarily consists of two product portfolios. The first primarily consists of two products for the treatment of ADHD: Adzenys XR-ODT (amphetamine) extended-release orally disintegrating tablets, as well as its authorized generic equivalent (“Adzenys”) and Cotempla XR-ODT (methylphenidate) extended-release orally disintegrating tablets, as well as its authorized generic equivalent that was launched on July 15, 2026 (“Cotempla” and Adzenys together with Cotempla the “ADHD Portfolio”). The second primarily consists of Karbinal ER (carbinoxamine maleate extended-release oral suspension) (“Karbinal”), an extended-release first-generation antihistamine suspension containing carbinoxamine indicated to treat numerous allergic conditions (the “Pediatric Portfolio”). During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we successfully completed the transition of all manufacturing of our Adzenys and Cotempla products to a United States-based third-party contract manufacturer in an offer to improve the manufacturing efficiency and profitability of these products. 

 6

 Table of Contents 

 We have incurred significant losses in each year since inception. Our net loss was $14.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2026, and as of June 30, 2026, we had an accumulated deficit of $347.8 million. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses in connection with our ongoing activities. While we believe continued growth of our commercial business will support future profitability, there can be no assurance that profitability will be achieved. 
 
 In light of our own business activities and external developments in the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries, Aytu management and our board of directors (the “Board” or the “Board of Directors”) regularly reviews our performance, prospects and risks such as the potential impact to our business resulting from our competitive landscape (i.e., entry of generic competitors, payor pressures, new branded entrants, etc.). These reviews have included consideration of potential partnerships, collaborations, and other strategic transactions such as acquisitions or divestitures of programs or technology to enhance stockholder value. Aytu management and our Board expect to continue to evaluate potential strategic transactions and business combinations. 
 
 Recent Business Development 
 
 As part of our ongoing strategic evaluation and go-forward operating plan, we continue to prioritize growing our prescription business given the opportunity for EXXUA in the MDD market and the current market trends supporting our products’ growth. We believe focusing resources on our most profitable, growing products provides the most effective pathway to achieve company-wide profitability and continued growth. As part of our plan, we completed the wind down of operations and divested our Consumer Health business in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. Following Aytu's June 2025 entry into the Commercialization Agreement, we made EXXUA commercially available in mid-December 2025, completed sales force training in mid-January 2026, and deployed the full sales force in late February 2026. 
 
 For fiscal 2026, we recorded net revenue of $57.6 million. We successfully launched EXXUA during fiscal 2026, and recorded net revenue of $6.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2026. During the year, we were able to continue the production of our ADHD medications, Adzenys and Cotempla, without encountering any supply chain interruptions that were present in the industry in prior years, in order to provide patients receiving stimulant prescriptions for the treatment of ADHD with alternative solutions to products that have experienced supply interruptions. However, due to our focus shifting towards launching EXXUA, revenue for the ADHD Portfolio decreased by 20.4% to $45.8 million. We also saw Pediatric Portfolio decline to $5.1 million, a 41.4% decrease from fiscal 2025, which was primarily due to our shift in efforts related to the commercial launch of EXXUA. 
 
 As an additional result of focusing on building our portfolio of revenue-generating products and generating profitability, in fiscal 2023 we terminated our license agreements relating to Healight and NT0502 (N-desethyloxybutynin), and we indefinitely suspended active development of our clinical development programs including AR101 (enzastaurin) (“AR101”). In connection with this suspension, we engaged in negotiations with EnzCo, LLC (“EnzCo”) and Rumpus VEDS LLC, (“Rumpus VEDS”), Rumpus Therapeutics LLC, (“Rumpus Therapeutics”) and Rumpus Vascular LLC, (“Rumpus Vascular” and, together with Rumpus VEDS and Rumpus Therapeutics, “Rumpus”) for the repurchase of AR101. On August 5, 2025, we reached terms with Rumpus and EnzCo whereby for mutual consideration and releases, we transferred all rights, title and interest in AR101 held by us and Rumpus to EnzCo, which extinguished and terminated all of our obligations and Rumpus’ obligations under the April 21, 2021, asset purchase agreement by and between us and Rumpus (the “Rumpus Asset Purchase Agreement”). There is no other relationship between us, EnzCo or Rumpus other than as contracting parties to terminate the Rumpus Asset Purchase Agreement, and there are no penalties or remaining obligations for us for terminating the Rumpus Asset Purchase Agreement. 

 7

 Table of Contents 

 On October 31, 2024, we received a Paragraph IV Certification Notice Letter (the “Notice Letter”) from Granules Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Granules”), stating that it intends to market a generic version of Adzenys before the expiration of all patents currently listed in the FDA’s publication of approved drug products with therapeutic equivalence evaluations (the “Orange Book”). The Notice Letter states that Granules’ New Drug Application (“NDA”) for the generic version of Adzenys contains a Paragraph IV certification alleging that these patents are not valid, not enforceable, and/or will not be infringed by the commercial manufacture, use or sale of the generic version of Adzenys. We timely filed a patent infringement lawsuit on December 11, 2024, against Granules to trigger a stay precluding the FDA from approving Granules’ NDA for a generic version of Adzenys for up to 30 months or entry of judgment holding the patents invalid, unenforceable, or not infringed, whichever occurs first. On January 7, 2025, Granules submitted an answer to the complaint. This litigation is ongoing, with trial originally scheduled to begin on December 7, 2026, now rescheduled to January 12, 2027. We plan to vigorously enforce our intellectual property rights related to Adzenys. 
 
 Debt and Equity Financings 
 
 Equity Financings 
 
 In June 2025, we raised gross proceeds of $16.6 million from the issuance of (i) 2,806,668 shares of our common stock, at a public offering price of $1.50 and 8,233,332 prefunded warrants at a public offering price of $1.4999 to purchase 8,233,332 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.0001 per share (the “June 2025 Prefunded Warrants”). We received $14.8 million in proceeds net of underwriting commissions and offering expenses and used the net proceeds from the offering for working capital, general corporate purposes and our exclusive commercialization of EXXUA. 
 
 Eclipse Agreement 
 
 In June 2025, we and certain of our subsidiaries entered into an Amendment No. 6 to Loan and Security Agreement (the “Eclipse Amendment No. 6”) to the loan and security agreement dated October 2, 2019, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated March 19, 2021; Amendment No. 2, dated January 26, 2022; Amendment No. 3, dated June 1, 2022; Amendment No. 4 dated March 24, 2023; and Amendment No. 5 dated June 12, 2024 (together the “Eclipse Agreement”), with Eclipse Business Capital LLC (“Eclipse”), as agent, and the lenders party thereto (agent and such lenders, collectively, the “Eclipse Lender”). Under the Eclipse Agreement, we have two loan agreements, a term loan (the “Eclipse Term Loan”) and a revolving credit facility (the “Eclipse Revolving Loan”). 
 
 The Eclipse Term Loan consists of an outstanding principal amount of $13.0 million on the closing date of the Eclipse Amendment No. 6, at an interest rate of the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator (the “SOFR”) plus 7.0%, with a four-year term and a straight-line loan amortization period of seven years, which would provide for a loan balance at the end of the four-year term of $5.6 million to be repaid on the June 12, 2029, maturity date, as amended. 
 
 The Eclipse Revolving Loan has a potential maximum borrowing base of $14.5 million at an interest rate of the SOFR plus 4.5%, which was temporarily increased pursuant to a $1.5 million incremental advance at an interest rate of the SOFR plus 5.5% (the “Eclipse Incremental Advance”), with repayment and permanent reduction of the Eclipse Incremental Advance commencing on August 1, 2025, and continuing on the first day of each calendar month thereafter, in an amount equal to $125,000 per month, until the Eclipse Incremental Advance has been reduced to $0. As of June 30, 2026, the amount outstanding on the Eclipse Incremental Advance was $0.1 million, which was paid off in July 2026. In addition, we are required to pay an unused line fee of 0.5% of the average unused portion of the maximum Eclipse Revolving Loan amount during the immediately preceding month. The ability to make borrowings and obtain advances of the Eclipse Revolving Loan remains subject to a borrowing base and reserve, and availability blockage requirements and the maturity date, as amended, is June 12, 2029. 

 8

 Table of Contents 

 Commercial Business Overview 
 
 We operate through one business segment consisting of various prescription pharmaceutical products sold through third parties. We generate net revenue by selling our products through third-party intermediaries in our distribution channels as well as directly to our pharmacy customers. Over the past three years, we have undergone a planned, strategic change to focus on our core prescription business while seeking to acquire differentiated, branded central nervous system (“CNS”) products that complement our portfolio and focus. With this focus, we recently signed an exclusive commercialization agreement for EXXUA, which we believe to be a novel first-in-class treatment for MDD that can become an important treatment for MDD in the United States. Further, we believe that EXXUA is a perfect strategic fit and has become a centerpiece of our commercial efforts going forward considering the significant commercial potential, uniqueness of the product, our sales force’s CNS focus and alignment with our proprietary Aytu RxConnect patient access platform. In fiscal 2026, we began selling EXXUA and shifted our commercial prioritization toward the EXXUA opportunity. We transitioned the manufacturing of Adzenys and Cotempla to a third-party manufacturer during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 and continue to use third-party manufacturers for all other products. 
 
 Our business consists of EXXUA, which we launched in fiscal 2026, our ADHD Portfolio and our Pediatric Portfolio. Our prescription products are sold primarily in the United States and are distributed through multiple channels, including sales to pharmaceutical wholesalers, distributors and pharmacies, using third-party logistics enterprises. 
 
 EXXUA is an extended-release medication that is FDA-approved for the treatment of MDD with what we believe to be a novel first-in-class oral selective serotonin 5HT1a receptor agonist indicated for the treatment of MDD in adults. EXXUA has also been studied in other psychiatric disorders, including generalized anxiety disorder (“GAD”) and hypoactive sexual desire disorder (“HSDD”). 
 
 Our ADHD products are extended-release stimulant medications formulated in patient-friendly, orally disintegrating tablets (“ODT”) that utilize the internally developed patented microparticle modified-release drug delivery technology platform. Products containing amphetamine or methylphenidate are the most commonly prescribed medications in the United States for the treatment of ADHD. Adzenys (for patients six years of age and above) and Cotempla (for patients six to seventeen years of age) are the first and only FDA-approved amphetamine and methylphenidate extended-release, orally disintegrating tablets, respectively, for the treatment of ADHD. 
 
 Our prescription Pediatric Portfolio primarily includes Karbinal ER, an extended-release carbinoxamine (a first-generation antihistamine) suspension indicated to treat numerous allergic conditions for patients two years of age and above. The products in this portfolio serve established pediatric markets and offer distinct clinical features and patient benefits. 
 
 We commercialize our business through our internal commercial organization that includes approximately 40 sales territories for EXXUA, with the ADHD Portfolio and Pediatric Portfolio currently non-promoted by our sales force. 
 
 Our Aytu RxConnect patient support program operates through a network of over 1,000 pharmacies to offer affordable, predictable copays and hassle-free availability to all commercially insured patients, regardless of their individual insurance plan. In addition, Aytu RxConnect seeks to significantly reduce the challenges and frustrations that health care professionals and their office staff can face when prescribing branded medications, including our medications, for their patients. 
 
 In September 2024, we entered into an exclusive collaboration, distribution and supply agreement with Lupin Pharma Canada Ltd (“Lupin”), a subsidiary of global pharmaceutical company Lupin Limited, for Lupin to commercialize Adzenys and Cotempla in Canada. We will supply Adzenys and Cotempla to Lupin based on forecasts and provide various product commercialization, regulatory and quality assurance resources. Lupin is responsible for seeking local regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for both Adzenys and Cotempla, which is expected to occur over the next 12 months. 

 9

 Table of Contents 

 Strategy 
 
 We are a pharmaceutical company focused on advancing innovative medicines for complex CNS diseases to improve the quality of life for patients. We are committed to enhancing the lives of individuals affected by psychiatric conditions with our innovative treatments for MDD and ADHD and ensuring broad access for those who need them most. 
 
 Our strategic priorities are to continue to increase net revenue and enhance our financial performance through operational and manufacturing efficiencies and portfolio prioritization. Specifically, we intend to: 

 ● 
 accelerate adoption of EXXUA following its fiscal 2026 commercial launch as the centerpiece of our commercialization efforts; 

 ● 
 continue to grow our commercial branded, revenue-generating products, by increasing product sales and improving patient access in order to drive net revenue growth of our products already in the marketplace when EXXUA was launched, which consist primarily of Adzenys, Cotempla, and Karbinal. We expect to increase market share using our internal commercial organization and leveraging our advanced analytics platform to increase prescribing of our medicines; 

 ● 
 leverage our novel Aytu RxConnect patient support platform, which is designed to reduce access barriers to medicines facing patients and healthcare professionals (“HCPs”) by providing coverage for all commercially insured patients, regardless of their individual insurance plan, thus establishing an affordable and predictable monthly co-pay for patients, and eliminating many of the hassles facing HCPs and their staff by improving availability of Aytu products at participating pharmacies; and 

 We believe our history of acquiring companies and in-licensing and acquiring products, along with our success in building out commercial organizations and executing product growth strategies, is a distinct competitive advantage. Our transactional adeptness and execution orientation enable us to continue to seek growth opportunities through both organic growth and opportunistic in-licensing or strategic acquisitions. Further, our commercial infrastructure and advanced analytics capability is scalable and lends itself to additional on-market assets and future product candidates that fit within our commercial capabilities and infrastructure. As such, in the near term, we may seek to leverage our commercial model and infrastructure by expanding our commercial portfolio with external product opportunities as we have done since our inception. 
 
 Products and Markets 
 
 Prescription Products: EXXUA (Gepirone) Extended-Release for the Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder in Adults 
 
 MDD, also known as clinical depression, is a serious mood disorder characterized by persistent feelings of sadness, hopelessness, and loss of interest in activities that once brought pleasure. These symptoms must be present for at least two weeks to warrant a patient’s diagnosis. MDD can significantly impact an individual’s daily life, affecting their ability to work, socialize, engage in self-care and maintain relationships. It is considered one of the leading causes of disability globally. While the exact causes are not fully understood, factors like genetics, brain chemistry imbalances, stressful life events and certain medical conditions are believed to play a role. Various treatment options, including medication, psychotherapy and lifestyle changes are available and can be effective for many individuals with MDD. However, despite many available treatment options, significant unmet needs remain in MDD given both ineffectiveness of treatments for many patients as well as a high rate of adverse events that affect patient compliance and treatment satisfaction. 
 
 The United States MDD market opportunity is significant given the over 360 million prescriptions written annually and the high rate of patient dissatisfaction and resulting high rate of switching MDD medications often attributable to adverse events caused by these medications. The most commonly prescribed treatments for MDD are SSRIs such as Paxil®, Prozac®, Lexapro® and Zoloft® and serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (“SNRIs”) such as Cymbalta® and Effexor®. While sometimes effective in treating MDD symptoms, these classes of medications commonly cause adverse events in the form of sexual side effects and weight gain. Greater than 40% of MDD patients switch from these initial therapies, indicating a high level of treatment ineffectiveness and side effects. Up to 70% of MDD patients complain of treatment emergent sexual dysfunction and greater than 65% complain of weight gain. As the only FDA-approved antidepressant acting on serotonin that does not carry a label warning about the risk of sexual dysfunction, we believe EXXUA can serve an important role in MDD treatment for these patients. 

 10

 Table of Contents 

 EXXUA is a new chemical entity, and we believe it to be a novel first-in-class selective serotonin 5HT1a receptor agonist approved by the FDA for the treatment of MDD in adults. EXXUA has been extensively studied in over 5,000 patients and represents a new class of therapeutics to compete in the over $22 billion United States prescription MDD market. Importantly, we believe that EXXUA is the only antidepressant acting on serotonin receptors that does not carry a label warning about the risk of sexual dysfunction. The mechanism of the antidepressant effect of EXXUA is believed to be related to its modulation of serotonin activity and, specifically, its exclusive and strong binding affinity for 5HT1a receptors, which are key regulators of mood and emotion. EXXUA is not a SSRI and has no reuptake inhibition activity. EXXUA also exhibits no significant adverse effects on weight, blood pressure, heart rate or liver function. 
 
 Given the compelling and novel product profile of EXXUA and the unmet needs of MDD patients, we believe EXXUA can become a very important treatment option for the estimated 21.0 million Americans affected by MDD. Over 360 million antidepressant prescriptions were written in 2025 in the United States, yet significant unmet needs remain considering the unacceptable side effects associated with current therapeutics. We are well positioned to realize the significant market potential of EXXUA while positively impacting the lives of MDD patients. 
 
 EXXUA has demonstrated efficacy in treating MDD in two well-controlled clinical trials (and five additional supportive studies) while avoiding sexual dysfunction seen with SSRIs and SNRIs, and no statistically significant weight changes. EXXUA was approved by the FDA in September 2023. 
 
 The two pivotal phase three trials established the efficacy and safety of EXXUA for MDD. The first was Study FK-GBE-007 (n = 248) (“Study FK-GBE-007”) and the second was Study 134001 (n ≈ 202, ITT population) (“Study 134001”). Both were randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled and eight-week outpatient studies in adults meeting Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (“DSM-IV”) criteria for MDD. In Study FK-GBE-007, flexible-dose gepirone extended release (20–80 mg/day; mean ≈ 58 mg) produced a mean HAMD-17 reduction of –10.1 vs –7.8 for placebo, with an LS-mean difference of –2.4 (95% CI: –4.4 to –0.3; p = 0.023). In Study 134001, using a similar dosing schedule (mean dose ≈ 70 mg), showed a HAMD-17 change of –9.04 vs –6.75 for placebo (LS-mean difference –2.47; 95% CI: –4.41 to –0.53;