Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Certain risks may have a material and/or adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks include those described below and may include additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial. These risks should be read in conjunction with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and “Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risks Related to the Recapitalization Transactions We may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the Recapitalization Transactions, or those benefits may be short-lived or insufficient for our future needs. On October 28, 2025, we completed recapitalization transactions to strengthen our financial position and financial flexibility by significantly reducing our existing indebtedness and adding capital to the business (the “Recapitalization Transactions”). See “Note 3 — Liquidity” and “Note 4 — Recapitalization Transactions” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. We may fail to fully realize the anticipated benefits of the Recapitalization Transactions or such benefits may be short-lived or insufficient for our future needs due to factors within or outside our control. Our ability to continue to grow our business depends, among other things, upon our ability to successfully execute on our business strategies, hire, retain and motivate key talent, obtain financing for our capital needs, scale our systems efficiently and effectively, control costs, comply with our debt covenants, and manage the pressures on our management and administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. If we fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Recapitalization Transactions, or if those benefits are short-lived or insufficient for our future needs, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In connection with the Recapitalization Transactions, we entered into a new credit agreement, which includes covenants that could restrict our operations or our ability to pursue growth strategies and initiatives, and failure to comply with these covenants could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Upon the closing of the Recapitalization Transactions, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the “New Credit Agreement”), by and among the Company, as borrower, CHS (US) Management LLC, as administrative agent (the “Agent”), and CHS US Investments LLC (“Lender”), Gateway Runway, LLC (“Nexus”) and S3 RR Aggregator, LLC, as lenders (“STORY3” and, collectively with Lender and Nexus, the “Investor Group”). The New Credit Agreement amended and restated our prior credit agreement, dated as of July 23, 2018, by and among the Company, as borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and the Agent (as successor-in-interest to Double Helix Pte Ltd.) (the “Existing Credit Agreement”). The New Credit Agreement contains negative covenants that limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends, redeem stock or make other distributions, amend our material agreements, make investments, incur liens, make negative pledges, consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. Our obligation to comply with such covenants could decrease our operating flexibility and our ability to achieve our operating objectives, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 Table of Contents Further, in the past we have sought waivers and/or concessions from our Lender to ensure our continued compliance with certain covenants under our Existing Credit Agreement, and we may in the future be unable to comply with the covenants under the New Credit Agreement. If we were unable to comply with our covenants and successfully negotiate with the Investor Group for a waiver or dispensation of such covenants under the New Credit Agreement, the Agent would have the right to accelerate repayment of all outstanding obligations under the New Credit Agreement, which would become immediately due and payable, and exercise all other rights and remedies available under the New Credit Agreement. While our Lender has previously granted waivers or entered into amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement to avoid certain events of default, there can be no assurance that the Investor Group will be willing to do so in the future. In addition, the rights of the Investor Group under the New Credit Agreement are transferable and assignable, and any transferee may not be willing to grant such waivers or enter into such amendments, or have interests that align with us and our stockholders. Therefore, any failure to comply with the covenants under the New Credit Agreement and negotiate with the Investor Group could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to manage our Board transition and related changes could materially adversely affect our business. To facilitate the Recapitalization Transactions, the Board has been restructured, including new and departing members, changes to the Audit Committee composition, and the designation of Mr. Fonseca as Executive Chair, and this transition may cause temporary uncertainty and disruption. Additionally, the Investor Group has indicated that it is continuing to use commercially reasonable efforts to identify and designate a third Investor Group director to the Board, which could take place in the near future. The potential uncertainty and disruption resulting from the Board transition and related changes, along with the ongoing efforts to identify a third Investor Group director, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For more information on the Board transition, see “Note 4 — Recapitalization Transactions” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry If we are unable to drive future growth or manage our growth effectively, our brand, Company culture, and financial performance may suffer . We must continue to drive revenue growth to be successful. To effectively drive growth, we must continue to enhance customer experience and attract and retain customers (particularly subscribers), invest in rental product, iterate our subscription products, manage the interplay between our various offerings, invest in digital consumer innovation, maintain and expand our brand awareness and marketing, evolve our marketing and product strategies to address emerging machine learning, automated decision-making and artificial intelligence algorithms, models and technologies (collectively, “AI”), including agentic AI, and maintain and upgrade our management information and reverse logistics systems and other processes. Our growth and growth strategies have in the past strained, and could in the future strain, our existing resources, and we could experience ongoing operating difficulties in managing our business across numerous jurisdictions, including difficulties in hiring, training, and managing our broad employee base. Failure to scale and preserve our Company culture as we grow could also harm our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. 17 Table of Contents Our growth strategy is focused on continuing to retain and grow our subscriber and customer base, by continuing to invest in our rental product, offerings and technology to improve her experience, and continuing to drive acquisition through effective and efficient marketing. The majority of our revenue is generated by our subscribers. Our base Subscription plans range in price and customers can customize their Subscription monthly by purchasing additional slots and shipments. Although we often highlight certain Subscription plans over others in an attempt to optimize conversion and highlight opportunities to add shipments and spots to Subscription plans mid-month, we cannot be certain that these actions will be successful. Also, our Subscriptions renew automatically on a monthly basis and subscribers may disable automatic renewal by canceling or pausing their subscription prior to the next month’s bill date. As a result, even though a significant number of subscribers have historically renewed their monthly subscription, there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain a significant portion of subscribers beyond the existing monthly subscription periods. In addition, any limitation or restriction imposed on our ability to bill our subscribers on a recurring basis, enforce our terms of service, collect data or deliver relevant promotions or media, whether due to new regulations or otherwise, may significantly lower our subscription retention rate. We also offer our customers the option to rent or buy items via our Reserve offering and Resale offering, respectively, which we believe is a strong competitive advantage but adds complexity to our business that we must effectively manage to drive growth. For example, our Resale strategy shifts from time to time to optimize rental product in-stock and revenue by reducing or increasing our units sold via Resale. Further, in fiscal year 2025, we focused on active subscriber growth and experienced weakness in Reserve, which we anticipate will continue in fiscal year 2026 as we plan to revisit our Reserve strategy, plans, and leadership. Our Subscription plans and offerings do not have demonstrably long track records of success and may not grow as much or as fast as we expect. For example, our active subscriber count decreased year-over-year in fiscal year 2024 and, although we are focused on growth initiatives and our active subscriber count increased year-over-year in fiscal year 2025, it may decline in the future. In addition, our number of active subscribers may be higher or lower than the number of our actual individual subscribers, because some active subscribers may have multiple accounts (such as for professional and personal purposes), or some may share their plans with other individuals. Although we anticipate an increase in our year-over-year revenue growth rate in fiscal year 2026, if our growth and/or growth rates do not meet expectations, the perception of our business, financial condition and results of operations by investors and our third-party service providers and brand partners may be adversely affected. The fashion industry is rapidly evolving and our business may not develop as we expect. Overall growth of our revenue will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to: • change traditional consumer buying habits and normalize clothing subscription, rental and resale; • price and structure our Subscription, Reserve and Resale offerings so that we are able to attract new customers, and retain and expand our relationships with existing customers; • ensure that we maintain an adequate depth and breadth of available products to meet customer demand and respond swiftly and appropriately to new and changing styles, trends or desired consumer preferences; • accurately forecast our revenue and plan our fulfillment, operating expenses and capital expenditures; • provide customers with a high-quality, seamless user experience and order fulfillment, as well as customer service and support that meets their needs; • acquire customers into varying levels of subscription programs at different price points and promotions; • improve our website and app performance and successfully identify and acquire, partner or invest in products, technologies, or businesses that we believe could complement or expand our business; • successfully maintain and grow our relationships with existing and new brand partners, including continuing to leverage and develop our Share by RTR and Exclusive Design offerings; • avoid disruptions in acquiring and distributing our products and offerings; • effectively manage our customer acquisition funnel to avoid disruption to our Subscription, Reserve, and Resale offerings; • be effective and efficient in our marketing, particularly our paid marketing efforts; • maintain and enhance our reputation and the value of our brand; • keep pace with AI developments such as agentic search for shopping and successfully integrate and leverage AI tools and resources; 18 Table of Contents • hire, integrate and retain talented personnel across all levels of our organization; • successfully compete with other companies that are currently in, or may in the future enter, the industry or the markets in which we operate, and respond to developments from these competitors such as pricing changes and the introduction of new offerings; • comply with existing and new laws and regulations applicable to our business; • successfully expand into new and penetrate existing geographic markets in the United States; • successfully develop new offerings and innovate and enhance our existing offerings and their features, including in response to new trends, competitive dynamics or the needs of customers and subscribers; • effectively manage growth of our business, personnel, and operations, including expanding our shipping and distribution capabilities and fulfillment center operations, as well as our logistics footprint and the number of facilities we operate in the future; • effectively manage our costs related to our business and operations; • effectively respond to changes in macroeconomic realities, including consumer confidence, inflation, labor markets, tariffs, rising fuel costs, and consolidation or disruption in the retail industry and our individual brand partners; and • avoid or manage interruptions in our business from information technology downtime, global trade policies, cybersecurity or privacy incidents (including those resulting from our use of AI) and other factors that could affect our physical and digital infrastructure. Because we have a limited history operating our business at its current scale, it is difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our limited operating experience at this scale, combined with the rapidly evolving nature of the market in which we sell our offerings, substantial uncertainty concerning how these markets may develop, and other economic factors beyond our control, reduces our ability to accurately forecast quarterly or annual revenue. Our growth and growth strategies have in the past strained, and could in the future strain, our existing resources, and we could experience ongoing operating difficulties in managing our business across numerous jurisdictions, including difficulties in hiring, training, and managing our broad employee base. Failure to scale and preserve our Company culture as we grow could also harm our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. Failure to manage our future growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We also expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources to grow our business, and we may fail to allocate our resources in a manner that results in increased revenue growth in our business. Further, our cash position and New Credit Agreement covenants may limit our ability to invest sufficiently in future growth initiatives, including, but not limited to, funding marketing initiatives and procuring rental product. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen capital or operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods and undermine our profitability goals. If our revenue growth does not meet our expectations in future periods, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. The global fashion industry is highly competitive and rapidly changing, and we may not be able to compete effectively. We compete with other fashion rental companies and also with a range of traditional and online retail and resale fashion companies and we expect competition to continue to increase in the future. To be successful, we need to continue to attract and retain customers and brand partners and maintain and grow brand awareness. We believe our ability to compete effectively depends on many factors within and beyond our control, including: • our ability to normalize fashion rental and change traditional retail shopping habits and norms; • how effectively differentiated our brand, offerings, customer experience and value proposition are from those of our competitors; 19 Table of Contents • how effectively we market and communicate how to use our Subscription, Reserve and Resale offerings, manage the interplay between our offerings, and attract and retain customers; • our ability to expand and maintain an appealing depth and breadth of our products to meet customer demand and to merchandise it effectively; • anticipating and successfully responding to changing apparel trends and consumer shopping preferences, including the use of AI in e-commerce; • anticipating and successfully responding to changing requirements of digital marketing platforms, including those supporting search and social advertising, and mobile app platforms; • the price at which we offer our Subscription, Reserve and Resale offerings and our ability to optimize pricing; • the amount, diversity, and quality of brands that we or our competitors offer; • our ability to acquire products on favorable and efficient terms, including our ability to attract new brand partners and retain existing brand partners in our Share by RTR and Exclusive Design programs; • the speed and cost at which we can deliver products to our customers and the ease with which they can return our products; • customer satisfaction with our offering and customer policies and the effectiveness of our customer service; • further developing our data science capabilities for brand partners; • the strength of our brand, including maintaining favorable brand recognition and effectively marketing our services and value proposition to customers; and • the success of our reverse-logistics processes in delivering products in good condition to customers. Many competitors or potential competitors have or may have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, better user experiences, stronger consumer and supplier relationships, less complicated business models, and significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources. In addition, they may be able to innovate and provide products and services faster and with more selection than we can, including as a result of their vertical integrations that better enables them to acquire market share. Certain fashion rental competitors have lower priced subscription offerings than we do and/or offer more items per shipment. In addition, competitors and potential competitors may be willing to price their products and services more aggressively in order to gain market share and be able to manufacture goods on a more cost-effective basis because they are vertically integrated, producing higher volumes, and/or have stronger relationships with manufacturing partners. In addition, brands set pricing for their own new retail items, which can include promotional discounts that may adversely affect the relative value of rental and/or resale items offered by us, and, in turn, our revenue, results of operations and financial condition. Additional competitors are expanding and may continue to expand into the rental and resale space in which we operate and we remain vulnerable to the marketing power and high level of customer recognition of these larger competitors and to the risk that these competitors or other smaller entrants could attract our customer base. Furthermore, although we believe that there are numerous trends in our favor that support the continued growth and success of online fashion rental, changing traditional retail and e-commerce shopping habits is difficult, particularly the shift from an ownership to an access model. Our business model may not achieve acceptance as broadly and within the time frame that we expect by customers and brand partners. In addition, the trends in our favor may evolve and no longer provide compelling support for our business model. If online fashion rental does not achieve broad acceptance by consumers and our brand partners, our growth could be limited and our competitiveness hampered. Our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, improved performance by our competitors, our failure to achieve broad acceptance and changes in the fashion retail markets could result in lost market share and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents We rely on consumer discretionary spending and have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by economic downturns and other macroeconomic conditions or trends . We are subject to variable industry and global economic conditions and their impact on consumer discretionary spending. Some of the factors that may negatively influence consumer spending include high levels of unemployment; recession; higher consumer debt levels; inflation; reductions in net worth, declines in asset values, and related market uncertainty; volatility in the financial markets; volatility in tariff rates and global trade policies; war in the Middle East; home foreclosures and reductions in home values; fluctuating interest rates and credit availability; fluctuating fuel and other energy costs; fluctuating commodity prices; and general uncertainty regarding the overall future political and economic environment. We have experienced many of these factors in the past and have seen negative impacts on customer demand and increases in brand, shipping, and other supplier costs as a result. In response to the changing business environment and related inflationary pressure, we have implemented pricing increases and expect to do so in the future if our costs continue to increase. Such price increases may include, but are not limited to, higher Subscription fees and/or Reserve rental fees, new or increased shipping fees, or other types of fees or surcharges. Such pricing changes may be negatively perceived by customers, particularly in a period of economic uncertainty, and/or may fail to adequately mitigate cost increases we face, and our business and financial results could be harmed. Furthermore, increases in consumer discretionary spending tend to fluctuate and may decrease, particularly if there is a recession, a weaker jobs market, and/or higher inflation leading to increased price sensitivity. Economic conditions in certain regions may also be affected by natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tropical storms, earthquakes, and wildfires; other public health crises; geopolitical conditions, including wars, terrorism and political tensions; and other major unforeseen events. Although we believe the value proposition of our offering and business model may be strengthened in an inflationary environment where the cost of purchasing clothing and accessories increases, consumer purchases or rental of discretionary items, including the products that we offer, frequently decline during recessionary periods or periods of economic uncertainty, when disposable income is reduced or when there is a reduction in consumer confidence. Additionally, adverse economic changes could reduce consumer confidence, and could thereby negatively affect our operating results. In the event of a prolonged economic downturn, uncertainty, or acute recession, significant inflation, or increased supply chain shortages, consumer spending habits could be adversely affected, and we could experience lower than expected revenue, net income, cash flows and Adjusted EBITDA. In challenging and uncertain economic environments, we cannot predict the degree of uncertainty, whether or when such circumstances may improve or worsen or what impact such circumstances could have on our business. Any of these developments could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our continued growth depends on our ability to attract new, and retain existing, customers, which may fluctuate based on our level of investment and success in our organic and paid marketing initiatives . If we are unable to cost-effectively grow our customer base, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be harmed . The growth of our business is dependent upon our ability to continue to grow by cost-effectively adding new customers and retaining existing customers. Historically, a substantial portion of new customer acquisition has originated from organic word-of-mouth and other non-paid referrals. Our marketing initiatives are generally focused on re-engaging lapsed and paused customers, retaining existing customers and growing our base of new customers. In addition, we continue to focus on growing traffic and conversion rates by optimizing our organic social media channels, improving our email marketing performance, refreshing our lifecycle marketing engine, increasing paid marketing efficiency, focusing on referrals and other community-driven “word of mouth” strategies, and aiming to optimize discovery via search engine optimization, agentic search, and enhanced iOS App Store presence. These efforts are ongoing and, although we have seen some positive results, they are subject to change and may not result in a sustained increase in customer conversion, loyalty or engagement. In fiscal year 2026 we are planning to allocate a portion of our marketing budget to drive growth through these community-driven “word-of-mouth” channels, which may not meet our expectations and/or adversely impact overall customer acquisitions as we reduce spend in lower-funnel marketing channels. The impact of emerging technologies, including, but not limited to, AI tools such as agentic search, is not yet certain and may increase these risks. See “Our use of AI may subject us to new or heightened legal, regulatory, ethical, operational or other challenges.” As a result, our levels of paid and organic growth may continue to fluctuate and/or overall growth may decline. 21 Table of Contents We may determine that more significant investment in marketing will be required in the future. However, in light of cost constraints, we reduced our marketing spend, particularly in paid marketing, in fiscal years 2024 and 2025 (relative to years prior), which resulted in lower customer acquisitions in fiscal year 2024 and led us to invest more heavily in promotions in fiscal year 2025. Our marketing spend levels and prioritization of lower funnel marketing may have also negatively impacted brand awareness despite our efforts to revitalize our brand. In addition, we believe that our overall levels of marketing spend relative to our revenue - both historic and projected for fiscal year 2026 - indicate that we are underinvested in marketing relative to typical market practice for our industry and our competitors and have less channel diversification. Further, although we focus on full funnel marketing, our marketing spend has prioritized, and is expected to continue to prioritize, paid marketing over upper funnel, brand marketing investments, which may have a negative impact on brand awareness and growth. In addition, our marketing efforts may be unsuccessful for various reasons, including a failure to effectively reach potential customers or to be cost-effective (particularly as costs increase for performance marketing), changes in regulations (e.g., privacy, pricing, and auto-renew regulations) or third-party interference that could limit the effectiveness of search engines, social media platforms, and other tools for marketing, and the possibility that potential customers may decide not to rent through our platform or the spend of new customers may not yield the intended return on investment, any of which could negatively affect our results of operations. We also may incur marketing expenses significantly in advance of the time we anticipate recognized revenue associated with such expenses. In addition, the success of our marketing initiatives overall depends upon our marketing team and leadership, which is lean and has experienced transition as we focus on building creative and strategic talent on the team. If our team building efforts or marketing strategies are not successful or are not executed successfully, our growth may decline and we may not achieve our growth and/or profitability goals. We utilize promotional pricing to attract customers and subscribers who may have heightened price sensitivity and who may not be willing to pay full price for our offering when the promotion period expires. For example, we have observed that subscribers who receive steep discounts have higher rates of cancellation. Our promotional and pricing strategy changes regularly and is subject to experimentation. In fiscal year 2025, we increased our use of promotional pricing to drive growth in customer acquisitions, and we expect that we will continue to adjust our promotional policies in response to our business objectives and market conditions. Our business performance may be adversely impacted if our promotional strategy is not effective at attracting and retaining customers. Further, customer preferences may change and customers may not rent through our platform as frequently or spend as much with us. Customers may also react negatively to policy changes that we make from time to time, such as more stringent late fees or pricing increases, which could cause them to cancel their subscriptions. We strive to drive conversion of new subscribers from current and former customers; however, if their behavior changes or they are not satisfied with our offering for any reason, our ability to grow subscribers may be impacted. If we are not able to continue to expand our customer base through cost-effective methods, we may not meet our revenue and profitability goals, our revenue may grow slower than expected or decline, and investors may lose confidence in our business. Relatedly, an inability to attract and retain customers could harm our ability to attract and retain brand partners, who may decide to partner with alternative platforms. If we fail to retain customers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be harmed . A high proportion of our revenue comes from longer-tenured subscribers. A decrease in the number of customers, their tenures with us, and/or a reduction in the amount customers spend on our offerings could negatively affect our operating results. Our number of customers and the amounts they spend on our offerings may decline materially or fluctuate as a result of many factors, including, among other things: • the quality, consumer appeal, price, and reliability of our offerings; • dissatisfaction with changes we make to our offerings and products; • our ability to keep pace with new and emerging technologies, such as AI tools for shopping and styling; • the perceived value of our offerings, especially in response to price increases and changes in the macroeconomic environment; • our ability to quality control the products delivered to our customers and their fit; 22 Table of Contents • ensuring on-time delivery of orders; • the ease with which customers can find items they are looking for, including the effectiveness of our search and discovery tools, merchandising, and rental product availability; • the performance of our website and mobile app, including reliability; • the level of our investment in marketing and the success of our marketing strategies and tactics, including changes in efficiency of our historic or current customer acquisition and retention methods; • a negative customer service experience; • intense competition in the fashion industry; • negative publicity that impacts our brand and reputation; • changes in consumer preferences regarding the use of pre-loved apparel; • lack of market acceptance of our business model; • a future outbreak of disease or public health concern, such as COVID-19; and • the failure (or perceived failure) to meet different and sometimes conflicting stakeholder expectations regarding our environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) initiatives. If existing customers no longer find our offerings and products appealing, appropriately priced or easy to use, or if we are unable to provide high-quality support to customers to help them resolve issues in a timely and acceptable manner, they may stop using our offerings, we may experience negative publicity and word-of-mouth and other referrals may be hampered. For example, we implemented a price increase for our subscription plans and began enforcing a more stringent late fee policy in fiscal year 2025 and anticipate that we will likely increase prices again in the future . If our customers no longer perceive our Subscription plans as appropriately priced and cancel or pause their subscriptions, our business and financial results could be harmed. We are focused on investing in the customer experience and delivering greater value to her, including by nearly doubling our rental product selection in fiscal year 2025 and maintaining these levels in fiscal year 2026, and emphasizing the value proposition of our offering in our marketing materials, among other initiatives; however these or other initiatives to retain customers may not be successful at improving customer satisfaction, subscriber retention and/or revenues and may require additional costs or lead to unanticipated consequences. For example, we may offer discounts to retain subscribers who have heightened price sensitivity and who may not be willing to continue to pay full price for a Subscription. Reductions or changes to when and under what circumstances such Subscription discounts are offered may impact retention. Even if our existing customers continue to find our offerings and products appealing and our customer service satisfactory, they may decide to downgrade to a less frequent, lower cost subscription and/or rent fewer items due to price sensitivity and/or changing demand or other reasons. If customers downgrade their subscriptions or make fewer or lower priced rentals, our financial results could be negatively affected. We have a history of losses, and we may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability . We had a net income (loss) of $22.6 million and $(69.9) million for the years ended January 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, and have in the past had net losses. We reported net income for the year ended January 31, 2026 due to the recognition of a Gain on Debt Restructuring of $96.3 million. As of January 31, 2026, we had an accumulated deficit of $(1,100.4) million. Further, for a variety of reasons, it is difficult for us to predict our future operating results. We will need to generate and sustain increased revenue and manage our costs to achieve profitability. Even if we do, we may not be able to sustain or increase our profitability. Our ability to generate profit depends on our ability to grow customers and revenue and drive operational efficiencies in our business to generate better margins. In recent years, we have taken significant steps to reduce our operating costs, improve our margins, and make progress towards profitability. Fiscal year 2025 was a year of investment as we significantly increased the amount of new rental product we acquired and, therefore, increased our net losses year-over-year, excluding the Gain on Debt Restructuring discussed above. We may also continue to generate net losses in order to: • fulfill customer orders and provide customer service; • increase the engagement, enhance retention and improve the experience, of customers; • drive customer acquisition and brand awareness through marketing and promotional initiatives; 23 Table of Contents • invest in technology, including to enhance our website and mobile offerings and functionality; • attract, motivate and retain our employees; • enhance our current offerings and develop new offerings; • generally support a larger customer base; and • invest in our operations, including our logistics fulfillment, capacity and footprint, and other capital expenditures to support the growth in our business. We may discover unanticipated costs or that these initiatives are more expensive than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenue sufficiently to offset these expenses or realize the operating efficiencies and profitability we anticipate. We also expect to face greater compliance costs over time associated with the increased scope of our business and being a public company. If we are not able to adequately increase revenue or manage operating costs for reasons within or outside of our control, we may continue to incur net losses and not be able to achieve or sustain profitability in the near term or at all. If we are unable to achieve or sustain profitability, the value of our business and the trading price of our Class A common stock may be negatively impacted. If we fail to anticipate and respond successfully to new and changing fashion trends and consumer preferences and accurately forecast consumer demand, our business could be harmed . Our success is, in large part, dependent upon our ability to identify fashion trends, predict and gauge the tastes of our customers, and provide availability of items and a service that satisfies customer demand in a timely manner. However, lead times for many of our purchasing and design decisions may make it difficult for us to respond rapidly to new or changing apparel trends or customer acceptance of products chosen by us. We generally enter into contracts with our designer brand partners in advance of anticipated rentals and typically before apparel trends are confirmed by customer rentals. We have not always predicted our customers’ preferences and acceptance levels of our products with accuracy. We may misjudge demand and over or under purchase rental product. In addition, external events may disrupt or change customer preferences and behaviors in ways we are not able to anticipate. Lower availability, including depth and breadth levels, has negatively impacted active subscriber retention in the past. Although we are focused on ensuring that there are adequate quantities of rental product on our site and aim to acquire approximately the same quantity of rental product year-over-year in fiscal year 2026, we expect that new rental product levels will fluctuate quarterly due to the timing of our purchases, seasonality and other factors within or outside of our control, which may negatively impact customer retention and, therefore, revenue. Any future decreases in our rental product availability levels or perceived availability levels, including in connection with other business objectives, may negatively impact active subscribers. Additionally, our success is dependent on the ability of our brand partners to anticipate, identify and respond to the latest fashion trends and consumer demands and to translate such trends and demands into product options in a timely manner. The failure of our brand partners to anticipate, identify or respond swiftly and appropriately to new and changing styles, trends or desired consumer preferences, to accurately anticipate and forecast demand for certain product offerings or to provide relevant and timely product offerings to rent on our platform may lead to lower demand for our offerings, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Further, although we use our data and business insights to predict our customers’ preferences and gauge demand for our products, there is no guarantee that our data and business insights will accurately anticipate demand. As has occurred in the past, if our teams do not predict customer demand and tastes well or if our algorithms do not help us reorder the right products or write off the right products in a timely manner, we may not effectively attract and retain customers or manage our products and our operating results will be adversely affected. 24 Table of Contents Shipping and logistics are a critical part of our business and our supply chain and any changes or interruptions in shipping or logistics operations could adversely affect our operating results . We currently primarily rely on a national carrier for our outbound and inbound logistics. However, we continue to maintain relationships with tier two and tier three carriers in order to provide redundancies and manage potential shipping disruptions from time to time. While we have confidence in our current strategy, we cannot predict changes in market conditions or how primarily relying on a single national carrier may impact customer sentiment and satisfaction, which could lead to unanticipated costs and/or have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Additionally, our business relies on the successful management of reverse logistics needed to ingest, clean, and restock returned items quickly