Item 1. Business Overview Our mission is to power women to feel their best every day. Since our f ounding in November 2009, we have built the world’s first shared designer closet with thousands of styles by hundreds of brand partners. We give customers access to our “unlimited closet” through our subscription offering (“Subscription”) or the ability to rent a-la-carte through our reserve offering (“Reserve”). We also give our subscribers and customers the ability to buy our products through our Resale offering. Our Closet in the Cloud offers a wide assortment of items for every occasion, from evening wear and accessories to ready-to-wear, workwear, denim, casual, maternity, outerwear, blouses, knitwear, loungewear, jewelry, handbags, activewear and ski wear. We have served approximately 3.5 million lifetime customers across all of our offerings and we had 183,552 total subscribers (active and paused) as of January 31, 2026. We had 143,796 active subscribers as of January 31, 2026. In fiscal year 2025, 90% of our total revenue was generated by subscribers compared to 88% in fiscal year 2024. We have created a two-sided discovery engine: customers find new brands they love and brand partners find new customers they need. For customers, we unlock freedom of self-expression through access to our “Unlimited Closet” that has a constantly rotating supply of styles for all occasions, seasons, moods and price points. This leads to deep engagement with our platform as customers discover new brands they love. Brand partners are able to tap into our large, engaged community to discover new customers and get unparalleled data insights. All of this helps them grow and run their businesses and encourages them to partner more closely with us over time. When our customers use Rent the Runway, they experience the magic of accessing an “Unlimited Closet” while saving money and time and reducing clothing waste. We deliver significant financial value to customers, with our average subscriber wearing clothes worth more than 24 times what she pays for a monthly RTR Subscription on an annualized basis (more than $48,000 in designer retail value in fiscal year 2025 1 ). Our evolving selection of products is enabled by our designer brand partnerships. We source virtually all of our products directly from or in partnership with our brand partners that include many of the most renowned and relevant names in the fashion industry. The nature of our customer value proposition means our customers are typically younger and/or different from other audiences our brands are exposed to. For example, many of our brand partners work with us because we introduce them to new, desirable customers and deepen awareness of their brands. Over the last 16 years, we have fostered strong relationships with our brand partners and have experienced limited voluntary attrition. Our Closet in the Cloud connects our deeply engaged customers and our differentiated brand partners on a powerful platform built around our brand, data, logistics and technology advantages. • Brand Partner Advantage. Our assortment contains thousands of new, current season styles that luxury competitors simultaneously carry - all available for Subscription, Reserve, and/or Resale at much lower prices. We believe our engaged and loyal customer base paired with the data that we offer to our brand partners makes us an essential destination for many of the world’s most important brands. Over time, our commercial relationships with our brand partners have evolved towards more capital efficient forms of rental product acquisition. • Data Advantage. We capture a vast amount of unique, actionable data on our customers and products. We leverage this data to create benefits for our customers (deep personalization of styles and fit), brand partners (understanding of customer demand patterns and garment lifecycle) and our business (higher subscriber lifetime value and better product return on investment). 1 We calculate designer retail values using original retail and/or comparable value prices. An original retail price is the price at which the manufacturer suggested that retailers in the marketplace, including department stores and specialty retailers, sell the item in new condition. A comparable value price is used for our Exclusive Designs and is based on an evaluation of prices for new comparable merchandise sold elsewhere in the marketplace. 4 Table of Contents • Technology and Logistics Advantage. We have developed a proprietary operating system that pairs proprietary software with differentiated infrastructure and hardware. Our expertise in vertically integrated just-in-time reverse logistics and garment science allows us to achieve multi-year monetization on our garments. We have also built a custom platform that supports all of our consumer-facing offerings on our website and app. How It Works We offer customers three ways to access our closet: monthly subscription or “Subscription”, a-la-carte rentals or “Reserve” and purchasing through our Resale offering. Subscription Pick a Plan. When customers subscribe, they select from a menu of entry plans. Each plan starts with five items, or “spots,” per shipment, and varies based on how often the subscriber wishes to receive new shipments, each a “swap.” Today, our subscribers onboard into plans that offer one or more shipments with pricing ranging from $109 to $275 per month. Customize. Subscribers can customize their plans to adapt to their changing lifestyles, needs and budgets by adding spots at a prorated price of up to $31 or $33 per item per month and shipments for up to $35 - $60 per shipment per month, as they see fit (plus applicable taxes and fees). Choose Items. After picking a plan, subscribers browse our broad assortment of items to build their first shipment. Wear, Repeat . When subscribers place an order, we aim to deliver their order within three business days of shipping from our fulfillment centers in our reusable garment bags, cleaned and ready to wear. Subscribers keep items for as long as they would like and may choose to return some or all of their items with each new shipment. When subscribers select the items they want to return on our app, we allow them to immediately start building their next shipment, maximizing their time with items at home. After a grace period, we typically charge a modest late fee for delayed returns. Subscribers typically visit our app multiple times per week to browse our offering, build their next shipment, and plan for their upcoming occasions. They are asked to give us real-time feedback on the size, fit and quality of the items they rent. The structured data we collect from customer feedback allows us to both improve her experience as well as optimize our garment care and, therefore, our return on investment of the items returned. Our customers also have the option of leaving photo reviews of items they rented to share their experience with the Rent the Runway community, including fit information, occasions they rented for and styling tips. Once subscribers confirm their new shipment, they can return their items in RTR’s reusable garment bag to the nearest preferred shipping partner location using a prepaid return label. In addition, a majority of our subscribers have the option to return their items via our at-home pickup offering that we introduced in 2021. As of January 31, 2026, our at-home pickup offering covered 91% of our subscriber base. Reserve When customers want to rent items a-la-carte for an upcoming event, they book styles for four or eight days through our Reserve offering. After selecting pieces, they typically select a delivery date one to two days before their event. We provide a free backup size of the customer’s choosing and the option to rent a backup style at a discount. At the end of the four- or eight-day rental period, customers simply return their items in the reusable garment bag using the prepaid shipping label included with their rental. Just like our Subscription offering, our customers have the option of leaving a review, and we clean and care for items when they are returned. 5 Table of Contents Resale In addition to renting, customers also shop pre-loved styles from our closet at a discount to retail price, up to 90% off of designer retail value (which we calculate using original retail and/or comparable value prices). A Subscription is not required for purchase. Our subscribers also have the option to purchase items they already have at home. Our Customer Value Proposition Through our platform, we have helped approximately 3.5 million lifetime customers discover the transformative power of utilizing our Closet in the Cloud across all of our offerings. Our customer base is diverse and spans age, household income distribution and U.S. geography. Subscribers are customers who access our Closet in the Cloud via our monthly Subscription offering. The portion of our customers who are subscribers accounted for 90% of our revenue in fiscal year 2025. As of January 31, 2026, we had 143,796 Active Subscribers and 183,552 total subscribers including paused subscribers, and during fiscal year 2025, we had 143,558 Average Active Subscribers. Many of our subscribers started as customers in Reserve and/or Resale and we continue to see conversion from Reserve and Resale customers into subscribers for many years. • Variety and Discovery. With thousands of styles across hundreds of brands in our Closet in the Cloud, Rent the Runway gives customers the ability to always wear something new to them and inspires customers to expand their fashion tastes without risk of buyer’s remorse. • Value. Rent the Runway makes thousands of designer styles accessible through our Subscription offering for a flat monthly price or through our Reserve offering on a per item basis. We deliver significant financial value to customers, with our average subscriber wearing clothes worth more than 24 times what she pays for a monthly RTR Subscription on an annualized basis. • Self-Confidence. According to our March 2023 Subscriber Survey, 83% of our subscribers say RTR makes them the most confident version of themselves at work or in social settings. Because there is no commitment to keep an item rented from RTR, we fuel greater self-expression for our customers. • Personalization and Convenienc e . We use our rich customer data to create a personalized storefront for customers based on their style preferences, browsing history and past rentals. Our understanding of our customer improves with each interaction, and we use our personalization algorithms to provide size recommendations to each customer at the item level. By showing customers designs they will love that are attractively styled, and likely to fit, we continue to drive strong loyalty and monetization. • Customer Experience and Community. Our customers are deeply engaged, as evidenced by the 68.0 million customer reviews posted as of January 2026. We continue to make enhancements to our review process designed to allow customers to make smarter choices and feel good about their selections. In addition, we introduced a subscriber loyalty program in fiscal year 2025. Rent the Runway has also benefited from virality and word-of-mouth marketing over the years and has focused on enhancing our social media and word-of-mouth channels in fiscal years 2025 and 2026. Our Unique Brand Partner Approach We acquire our products through three channels: Wholesale, Share by RTR and Exclusive Designs. The portion of our products sourced through Share by RTR and Exclusive Designs - our more capital-efficient sources - has grown from approximately 26% in fiscal year 2019 to approximately 69% in fiscal year 2025. We procure virtually 100% of our products directly from or in collaboration with brand partners and our business model has been built on shared success with brands. Through their relationships with us, they get access to unique data and exposure to a broad customer base, and our variety of sourcing channels provides brands with flexibility that is designed to meet their needs and ours. Our partnerships with brands have created a significant product and cost advantage. Because we source directly from brands, we also can control our assortment and acquire styles in the volumes and sizes we want, we have access to current season items and all of our items are guaranteed authentic without the cost or infrastructure of traditional authentication platforms. See Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Our Product Acquisition Strategy.” 6 Table of Contents Wholesale Wholesale includes products we acquire directly from our brand partners, typically at a discount to wholesale price based on our scale. We have observed that the original retail prices set by the brands are often at an approximately 2.5x mark-up to the wholesale price. As we continue to expand our selection and grow the share of our assortment acquired from a designer, we benefit from greater discounts on product acquisition. Wholesale represented 31% of our product acquisition in fiscal year 2025. Share by RTR Through Share by RTR, we acquire items directly from brand partners on consignment, at zero or a fraction of the Wholesale cost with performance-based revenue share payments to our brand partners over time. Since launching Share by RTR in 2018 with just seven partners, we have grown to over 400 brands that partner with us on Share by RTR across all categories. The revenue share fees are calculated net of a logistics fee charged to the brands for each rental. If a piece is in greater demand, it will drive higher revenue, which could result in brands earning more on the item over time than if it had been sold through Wholesale subject to a maximum cap. Share by RTR aligns incentives between brands and RTR and reduces product risk as it is largely a pay-for-performance model. Our Share by RTR arrangements with brands target deliveri ng 75% to 100% of compar able Wholesale cost to the brand in the first twelve to eighteen months; however there is no minimum commitment other than the upfront paymen t, if applicable. Nearly all Share by RTR deals consummated after September 2020 include a cap on total potential payments to the brand partner. Share by RTR represented 57% of our product acquisition in fiscal year 2025. Increases (or decreases) in the proportion of total items acquired via Share by RTR as well as the usage of Share by RTR items will increase (or decrease) variable expenses recorded in the Rental product depreciation and revenue share line item on our consolidated statement of operations. Exclusive Designs We leverage our data to create highly desirable Exclusive Designs in collaboration with select brand partners that we manufacture through third-party partners to be more durable and at approximately 35% lower cost than Wholesale. For these collaborations, we provide a data blueprint to brands and, based on this data, they design new collections for us that carry their brand name. Beginning in fiscal year 2025, we introduced another approach to our Exclusive Designs in which certain brands design, source and manufacture the rental product directly in partnership with us. Our Exclusive Designs collections enable our brand partners to innovate their businesses and enter into new product lines at reduced cost to them. All of the styles are exclusive to rent on RTR for a period of time, after which brands may monetize these exclusive designs through other channels, which in some cases is subject to a royalty fee payment to Rent the Runway (that we have not begun to earn to date). Increases (or decreases) in the proportion of total items acquired via Exclusive Designs as well as the usage of Exclusive Designs items may increase (or decrease) variable expenses recorded in the Rental product depreciation and revenue share line item on our consolidated statement of operations. We also have a small number of products bearing our trademarks, which are non-exclusive designs produced by third party partners at a significantly lower average cost than Wholesale to strategically fill assortment gaps. Exclusive Designs accounted for 12% of our product acquisition in fiscal year 2025. Our Marketing Strategy Our brand and deeply engaged consumer base have historically allowed us to acquire customers efficiently. Since our founding, we have spent les s tha n 10% of total revenue on marketing, and our growth has been mostly organic. The majority of our customers over the last 16 years have been acquired organically. As we have scaled, we believe that our brand is a significant point of differentiation with consumers and brand partners and we believe we have a continued opportunity to increase brand awareness. As of February 2026, our unaided brand awareness was 35% among U.S. women ages 25 - 44 with a household income of $50,000 or more and 44% among U.S. women ages 25 - 44 with a household income of $100,000 or more. 7 Table of Contents Many of our customers share a love of the Rent the Runway experience and value proposition, which starts conversations both online and offline and leads to word of mouth adoption. Our clothing often becomes a visual billboard and advertisement for our platform. Many women share their Rent the Runway experience on social media and in their personal lives, which helps drive our organic growth and brand awareness. When our customers are wearing RTR and someone compliments them or asks about what they are wearing, 97% of our subscribers share that it’s Rent the Runway as opposed to the designer brand name. According to our March 2023 Subscriber Survey, nearly half of our subscribers have posted themselves wearing RTR on their social media over five times. Renting from us is an inherently social behavior: 76% of our subscribers rent along with a friend or colleague. In fiscal year 2025, we implemented a brand refresh and focused on community and customer-centric marketing approaches, as well as, diversification of our marketing channels and optimizing our spend. Our marketing strategy in fiscal year 2026 is aimed at continuing to unleash the power of community. We plan to continue to spotlight community and feature real members in an effort to build authentic consideration for our brand and customer offering. We’re focused on building a word-of-mouth engine that is intended to drive growth and reduce our reliance on paid marketing. Additionally, we expect to continue our focus on our search engine optimization (SEO) and answer engine optimization (AEO) channels to drive traffic and conversion. Although we focus on full funnel marketing, our marketing spend has prioritized, and is expected to continue to prioritize, paid marketing over upper funnel, brand marketing investments. Our Data Approach One of our significant differentiators is the vast amount of quality, actionable data that we are able to collect on our customers and our products. We leverage this data to create benefits for our customers, our brand partners and our business. We capture thousands of unique data points per subscriber per year and over 20 unique data points per item each time it is rented across four channels including website data, post-wear data, operations data and customer data. We also identify and tag approximately 75 detailed attributes per style. By mapping our interactions with our products’ inherent attributes, we create a feedback loop which allows us to optimize the supply of products in ways we believe that would be difficult for traditional retailers to achieve or replicate. We believe this is one of our biggest competitive advantages. We believe that our differentiated business model enables us to collect substantially more data than traditional fashion retailers and we use this data to improve the customer experience. Customers learn that providing data enhances their experience on the platform over time, which enables us to collect even more data from them. This flywheel helps propel the exponential growth of our post-wear, customer and operations data. We use our data to create what we believe are the most relevant assortments and personalized experiences for our customers, which in turn helps to drive loyalty. As we learn more about a customer, our personalized features give us greater ability to direct her towards the items that optimize both customer lifetime value and rental product return on investment for us. Our data benefits brand partners in numerous ways: • Understanding the Garment Life Cycle: We help partners grow their business through the data we provide. For example, product longevity data often help our brands increase the life of their garments, which can support their sustainability goals. • Understanding Customer Demand: As our customers wear (or don’t wear) and review items, we can assess demand due to our robust attribution of products paired with customer interaction data. This data highlights growth opportunities for brands as well as areas for improvement. Our data also allows us to optimize the return on investment on products and customer lifetime value, which are dependent on the following inputs, all of which continuously improve as our business scales. • Scientific Product Acquisition: Our data provides a comprehensive picture of our products by bringing together customer feedback, operations data and inherent product attributes. Our teams utilize this data to optimize the styles we need and the quantity per style. 8 Table of Contents • Price Optimization: We price our products across Subscription, Reserve and Resale by using data to take into account demand signals and the expected useful life and turns of each item. We have the flexibility to set prices based on the business needs and plan to assess additional opportunities in this area, including the use of new AI tools for dynamic pricing designed for even greater efficiency. • Lower Cost Product: We leverage our data to create highly desirable Exclusive Designs in collaboration with our brand partners that we or our brand partners manufacture to be more durable at significantly lower cost. Since launching Exclusive Designs in 2018, we have developed over 45 collections. • Longer Product Life: Our feedback to brands helps us customize for higher longevity of our products - we understand how to clean and care for garments to maximize multi-year monetization and incremental turns per unit. Data Science Data powers our technology and logistics operations, from recommender systems to forecasting. We have created data science algorithms that help us achieve better outcomes for the business. Some of our most impactful proprietary algorithms include: • Deep 1:1 Personalization: For each customer and item, we compute several scores that measure the affinity of item and customer through factorization machines and deep learning. We leverage these personalization scores across the business to: rank products on our subscriber personalized storefront and in search results, recommend a specific size within a style on product pages, compute general product relevance at the subscriber level and inform product acquisition, inform sizing of new apparel designs with our brand partners and more. • Retention Predictive Model: We leverage a retention predictive model and analytics to identify and understand the relative importance of various drivers of loyalty and prioritize the interventions that have the highest probability of improving customer retention. We regularly leverage this data to experiment with different approaches to retain customers based on this model in a targeted and personalized way. • Computer Vision for Products: For each style in our assortment, we generate an embedding with over 2,000 visual style dimensions using deep learning that capture color, pattern shape, sleeve length, etc. We leverage this data as a feature in our recommender systems, to cluster styles to inform product acquisition and provide product attributes in our product catalog amongst other uses. Our Technology and Logistics Platform We have built a cohesive platform that pairs proprietary and third-party software with differentiated infrastructure and hardware all tailored to the sharing economy of physical goods. Our proprietary software and key integrations with third-parties leverage our vast and unique dataset to optimize key outcomes for RTR. 9 Table of Contents Proprietary and Third-Party Software and Systems We have purpose-built technology to support three key areas of our business: • Customer Facing e-Commerce (including 2-Way e-Commerce) • Rental Reverse Logistics • Merchandising & Products Control In fiscal year 2026, we expect to continue to make improvements across our technology stack, including continued improvements to our cloud infrastructure, to enable greater scale, and enhanced resiliency. Additionally, we continue to enhance our core platforms to improve search, merchandising, and product discovery, aimed at creating a more seamless and personalized customer experience. We continue to focus on improving the performance of our website and mobile application, including increasing reliability to improve the customer experience and keep pace with industry standards. We have also significantly increased our investment in artificial intelligence (AI) driven solutions and features, focusing on applications that enhance both the customer and operational experience. These AI initiatives are designed to provide even more personalized product and fit recommendations, optimize rental product allocation and logistics planning, and ultimately improve developer velocity through advanced tooling and automation, designed to ensure that our platform remains at the forefront of the circular economy. Customer Facing e-Commerce (including 2-Way e-commerce)