ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a degree of risk. Persons buying our securities should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings that we make from time to time with the SEC, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In any such case, the trading price of our securities could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Macroeconomic and Industry Conditions Purchase price volatility and inflationary conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial performance, and measures we take to offset or mitigate such conditions may not be effective. The strength of our revenues and results of operations are dependent upon, among other things, the price and availability of food, ingredients, retail merchandise, transportation, distribution, labor and utilities. We have experienced and continue to experience inflationary pressures with respect to these costs. Fluctuations in economic conditions, weather, supply chain disruptions, freight efficiency, demand and other factors also affect the availability, quality and cost of the ingredients and retail merchandise that we buy. Changes in global demand for corn, wheat and dairy products have caused and could continue to cause volatility in the feed costs for poultry and livestock. Operating margins for our restaurants are subject to changes in the price and availability of food commodities, including beef, pork, chicken, dairy and produce. The effect of, introduction of, or changes to tariffs or exchange rates on imported retail products or food products could increase our costs and possibly affect the supply of those products. Changes in demand for over-the-road transportation and distribution services could cause volatility, increase our costs and adversely affect our operating margins. In addition, the prices of our retail merchandise are similarly impacted by economic and inflationary pressures, which have caused and may continue to cause higher costs and lower margins. Our attempts to offset cost pressures, such as through menu price increases and operational improvements, may not be successful. We seek to provide a moderately priced product, and, as a result, we may not seek to or be able to pass along price increases to our customers sufficient to completely offset cost increases without adversely affecting our customers’ demand. Consumers may be less willing to pay our menu prices and may increasingly visit lower-priced competitors or may limit their restaurant or retail purchases. The extent to which price increases are not sufficient to offset higher costs adequately or in a timely manner, and/or result in significant decreases in revenue volume, may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. Labor is a primary component in our operating costs, and increases in labor costs due to increased minimum wages, competition, unemployment rates, or health care and other benefit costs may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We operate in many states and localities where the minimum wage is significantly higher than the federal minimum wage. Our distributors and suppliers could also be affected by higher minimum wage, benefit standards and compliance costs, which could result in higher costs for goods and services supplied to us. The market for labor in the United States is competitive, which has resulted in upward pressure on wages and may continue to do so in the future. Our operating margins are also affected, whether as a result of general inflation or otherwise, by fluctuations in the price of utilities such as natural gas and electricity, on which our locations depend for much of their energy supply. Our failure to anticipate and respond effectively to one or more adverse changes in any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Inflationary pressures and other fluctuations impacting the cost of these items could have a negative impact on our business in 2026. 15 
 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Business Pandemics, epidemics, endemics, and other public health concerns, or government regulation relating to the consumption of food products and widespread infectious diseases could reduce consumer traffic and may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The United States and other countries have experienced, and may experience in the future, outbreaks of viruses, such as COVID-19, norovirus, the bird/avian flu or other diseases. We cannot predict whether such infectious diseases, including future variants of COVID-19, may impact sales and traffic at our stores, create staffing issues, increase commodity costs or result in store closures, which could subsequently damage or could reduce consumer traffic and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In recent years there has been publicity concerning E. coli bacteria, hepatitis A, “mad cow” disease, “foot-and-mouth” disease, salmonella, African swine fever, peanut and other food allergens, and other public health concerns affecting the food supply, including beef, chicken, pork, dairy and eggs. Food safety concerns, widespread outbreaks of livestock and poultry diseases, and product recalls, all of which are out of our control, and, in many instances, unpredictable, could also increase our costs and possibly affect the supply of livestock and poultry products. Additionally, we rely on our suppliers to comply with applicable laws and industry standards, and if our suppliers are unable to comply with such laws or do not otherwise meet our quality standards, we may face a disruption in our supply chain that could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we are unable to respond effectively, food safety concerns could have a negative impact on our business and our reputation. The sale of food and prepared food products for human consumption involves the risk of injury to our customers. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, storage, handling and transportation phases. Additionally, many of the food items on our menu contain beef and chicken. The preferences of our customers toward beef and chicken could be affected by changes in consumer health or dietary trends and preferences regarding meat consumption or health concerns and publicity concerning food quality, illness and injury generally. Changes in consumer dietary preferences may impact our menu offerings. Further, consumers may change their dining-in preferences, such as during the COVID-19 pandemic, when consumers often chose to order food to go or for delivery. In addition, government regulations or the likelihood of government regulation could increase the costs of obtaining or preparing food products. Failure to respond and adapt to changing consumer preferences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. A decrease in guest traffic to our stores, a change in our mix of products sold or an increase in costs as a result of these health concerns either in general or specific to our operations, could result in a decrease in sales or higher costs to our stores that would materially harm our business. Unfavorable publicity could harm our business. In addition, our failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the impact of social media may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Multi-unit businesses such as ours can be adversely affected by publicity resulting from complaints or litigation alleging poor food quality, poor service, guest discrimination, food-borne illness, viruses, product defects, personal injury, adverse health effects (including obesity), employee relations or other concerns stemming from one or a limited number of our stores. Even when the allegations or complaints are not accurate or valid, unfavorable publicity relating to our multi-year strategic plan, or one or more of our stores may adversely affect public perception of the entire brand before we have the opportunity to respond to and address such allegations. Additionally, social media can be utilized to target specific companies or brands as a result of a variety of actual or perceived actions or inactions that are disfavored by our customers, employees, or interest groups, which can materially and immediately impact consumer behavior. Social media allows users to organize collective actions and engage in other brand-damaging behaviors that, if targeted at us, could impact our business. Adverse publicity and its effect on overall consumer perceptions of food safety or customer service could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 
 Table of Contents Additionally, social media uses and platforms are constantly evolving, and as a result, we actively innovate and refine our social media and digital marketing strategies to maintain brand relevance to increase brand recognition and reach a broader audience. If our social media and marketing initiatives or strategies are not successful, our brand awareness may decline or we may otherwise suffer reputational harm. In addition, a variety of risks are associated with the use of social media, including the public dissemination of proprietary or confidential information, negative comments about us, personally identifiable information, or out-of-date or false information. Such uses of social media by our guests or employees could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation or the market price for our common stock. Failure to achieve the goals or sustain the results of our multi-year strategic plan may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our multi-year strategic plan is in various stages of testing, evaluation and implementation, aimed to improve guest experience and increase profitability. These initiatives of our multi-year strategic plan are generally aimed at enhancing menu and retail options, reducing our costs, improving margins and increasing brand awareness, including through expanding our footprint and investing in strategic relationships. Implementation of these initiatives across our store base is inherently risky even when initiatives have been tested successfully on a more limited scale, and customers may not be receptive to these changes, which may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. In the first quarter of 2026, we introduced an updated logo, which received unfavorable consumer feedback and generated negative publicity. Other initiatives contemplated under our multi-year strategic plan may elicit similar adverse reactions, which could adversely affect consumer perceptions of our brand, our operational and financial performance, and the market price for our common stock. Successful system-wide implementation across hundreds of stores and involving tens of thousands of employees relies on consistency of training, stability of workforce, ease of execution and the absence of offsetting factors that can adversely influence results. Failure to achieve successful implementation of our initiatives may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face intense competition, and if we are unable to continue to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. The restaurant and retail industries are intensely competitive, and we face many well-established competitors. We compete with national and regional restaurant and retail chains and locally owned restaurants and retailers within each market. Competition from other regional or national restaurant and retail chains typically represent the more important competitive influence, principally because of their significant marketing and financial resources. We face competition as a result of the convergence of grocery, deli, retail and restaurant services, particularly in the supermarket industry. We also face competition from various off-premise meal replacement offerings including, but not limited to, home meal kits delivery, third-party meal delivery and catering and the rapid growth of these channels by our competitors. Moreover, our competitors can harm our business even if they are not successful in their own operations by taking away customers or employees through aggressive and costly advertising, promotions or hiring practices. We compete primarily on the quality, variety and perceived value of menu and retail items. We also compete with other restaurant chains and other retail businesses for quality site locations, management and hourly employees, and other competitive pressures may affect both the availability and cost of these important resources. The number and location of stores, the growth of e-commerce, type of concept, quality and efficiency of service, attractiveness of facilities and effectiveness of advertising and marketing programs also are important factors. We anticipate that intense competition will continue with respect to all of these factors. If we are unable to continue to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 17 
 Table of Contents Failure to maximize or to successfully assert our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We rely on trademark, unfair competition, trade secret and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property rights. We have registered certain trademarks and service marks with appropriate governmental authorities. We cannot guarantee that these intellectual property rights will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own, or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to support new product introductions or other brand extensions. We cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future. Additionally, we cannot guarantee that third parties will not claim our trademarks or menu offerings will infringe on their intellectual property rights, regardless of merit. Our failure to protect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights could make us less competitive and could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Risks Related to our Capital Structure The performance of our business as affected by the level of our indebtedness could prevent us from meeting the obligations under our revolving credit facility or the indentures governing the 2026 Notes and the 2030 Notes or maintaining sufficient liquidity to operate our business or service our debt obligations, and we cannot provide any guarantee of future cash dividend payments or that we will be able to actively repurchase our common stock pursuant to a share repurchase program. Our consolidated indebtedness and restrictions in our revolving credit facility may have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and increasing borrowing costs. Given the significant uncertainty relating to the macroeconomic environment, there are potential scenarios under which we could fail to comply with these covenants, which would result in an event of default that, if not waived, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or ability to continue to service our debt obligations. A default under our credit agreement or under the indentures governing the 2026 Notes and the 2030 Notes may also significantly affect our ability to obtain additional or alternative financing. For example, the lenders’ ongoing obligation to extend credit under the revolving credit facility is dependent upon our compliance with certain covenants and restrictions, as set forth in our credit agreement. Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness will depend on our operating and financial performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors beyond our control. Our inability to refinance our indebtedness when necessary or to do so upon attractive terms may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and results of operations. Depending on the impact of macroeconomic environment, we may seek other sources of liquidity and other ways of preserving liquidity. No assurance can be made that sources of additional liquidity will be readily available or that we will be successful in obtaining or preserving such liquidity. Further, no assurance can be made that sources of additional liquidity will be available on terms that are favorable to us. In 2024, as part of our multi-year strategic plan, we made the decision to reduce our quarterly dividends. Any future determination to pay cash dividends on our common stock, or to pay cash dividends in an amount comparable to historical cash dividends on our common stock, will be based primarily upon our financial condition, prospects, results of operations and business requirements and our Board of Directors’ conclusion that the declaration of cash dividends is in the best interest of our shareholders and is in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the payment of dividends. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to actively repurchase our common stock, and we may discontinue plans to repurchase common stock at any time. 18 
 Table of Contents We may be unable to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes for cash following a fundamental change, or to pay the cash amounts due upon conversion, and our other indebtedness may limit our ability to repurchase the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes or pay cash upon their conversion. Noteholders may require us to repurchase their 2026 Notes or 2030 Notes following a fundamental change at a cash repurchase price generally equal to the principal amount of the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, all conversions of the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes will be settled partially or entirely in cash. We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. In addition, applicable law, regulatory authorities and the agreements governing our other indebtedness may restrict our ability to repurchase the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. Our failure to repurchase the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes or to pay the cash amounts due upon conversion when required will constitute a default under the indentures governing the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes. A default under the indentures governing the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our other indebtedness (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the indentures governing the 2026 Notes and the 2030 Notes), which may result in that other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. We may not have or be able to secure financing for sufficient funds to satisfy all amounts due under the other indebtedness and the indentures governing the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes. Provisions in the indentures governing the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes could delay or discourage a takeover of us. Certain provisions in the 2026 Notes and the 2030 Notes and the indentures governing the 2026 Notes and the 2030 Notes could make a third party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental change, then noteholders will have the right to require us to repurchase their 2026 Notes or 2030 Notes for cash. In addition, if a takeover constitutes a make-whole fundamental change, then we may be required to temporarily increase the conversion rate for the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes. In either case, and in other cases, our obligations under the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes and the indentures governing the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a transaction that noteholders or holders of our common stock may view as favorable. 19 
 Table of Contents The capped call transactions in connection with the 2030 Notes may affect the value of our common stock. In connection with the issuance of the 2030 Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with one or more of the initial purchasers of the 2030 Notes or their respective affiliates and/or other financial institutions (the “option counterparties”). The capped call transactions initially cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the 2030 Notes, the number of shares of our common stock underlying the 2030 Notes. The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce or offset potential dilution to our common stock and/or offset any cash payments we may be required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2030 Notes, as the case may be, upon any conversion of the 2030 Notes, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. In connection with establishing and maintaining their initial hedges of the capped call transactions, we understand that the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions from time to time prior to the maturity of the 2030 Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period relating to a conversion of the 2030 Notes or following any repurchase of the 2030 Notes by us if we elect to terminate or unwind the relevant portion of the capped call transactions). The effect, if any, of these activities on the trading price of our common stock will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, and is uncertain at this time. Any of these activities could, however, adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions in connection with the 2026 Notes may affect the value of our common stock. In connection with the issuance of the 2026 Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with one or more of the initial purchasers of the 2026 Notes or their respective affiliates and/or other financial institutions (the “hedge counterparties”). The convertible note hedge transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of common stock that initially underlie the 2026 Notes. We also entered into warrant transactions with the hedge counterparties collectively relating to the same number of shares of our common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, and for which we received premiums to partially offset the cost of entering into the hedge transactions. Before the maturity of the 2026 convertible notes, we expect that the hedge counterparties or their affiliates will modify their hedge positions with respect to the existing convertible note hedge transactions and warrant transactions from time to time, and are likely to do so during any observation period for the 2026 convertible notes, by purchasing or selling shares of our common stock or other securities of ours, in privately negotiated transactions or open-market transactions or by entering into or unwinding various over-the-counter derivative transactions with respect to our common stock. The effect, if any, of these activities on the trading price of our common stock will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, and is uncertain at this time. Any of these activities could, however, adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 20 
 Table of Contents We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions and capped call transactions. The hedge counterparties and the option counterparties are financial institutions, and we are subject to the risk that one or more of the hedge counterparties might default under their respective convertible note hedge transactions, or that one or more of the option counterparties might default under their respective capped call transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the hedge counterparties and the option counterparties is not secured by any collateral. Global economic conditions have from time to time resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If a hedge counterparty or an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under our transactions with such hedge counterparty or option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors, but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated to the increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by any hedge or option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of any of the hedge or option counterparties. Conversion of the 2026 Notes or the 2030 Notes or exercise of the warrants evidenced by the warrant transactions related to the 2026 Notes may dilute the ownership interest of existing shareholders, including noteholders who have previously converted their 2026 Notes or 2030 Notes. At our election, if applicable, we may settle 2026 Notes or 2030 Notes tendered for conversion partly in shares of our common stock. Furthermore, the warrants evidenced by the warrant transactions are expected to be settled on a net-share basis. As a result, the conversion of some or all of the 2026 Notes or the exercise of some or all of such warrants may dilute the ownership interests of existing shareholders. Any sales in the public market of the shares of our common stock issuable upon such conversion of the 2026 Notes or such exercise of the warrants could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the 2026 Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the 2026 Notes could depress the price of our common stock. Risks Related to Supply Chains Our reliance on certain significant vendors, particularly for foreign-sourced retail products, subjects us to risks, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to maintain consistent quality throughout our operations depends in part upon our ability to acquire specified food and retail products and supplies in sufficient quantities. Partly because of our size, finding qualified vendors and accessing food, retail products, supplies and certain outsourced services in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge that typically is more difficult with respect to goods or services sourced outside the United States. 21 
 Table of Contents We use a number of products that are or may be manufactured in a number of foreign countries, which subjects us to certain risks, including possible long lead times to source products; tariffs, trade barriers, sanctions, import limitations and other trade restrictions by the U.S. government on products or components shipped from foreign sources (particularly, the People’s Republic of China); fluctuating currency exchange rates or control regulations; foreign government regulations; product testing regulations; foreign political and economic instability; and disruptions due to labor stoppages, strikes or slowdowns, or other disruptions, involving our vendors or the transportation and handling industries. In addition, the political landscape in the U.S. contains uncertainty with respect to trade policies, tariffs and regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries. Major developments in trade relations, such as the imposition of tariffs on imported products or retaliatory actions by countries affected by changes in U.S. trade policies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. It remains unclear how trade policies, tariffs or trade relations may change, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Although we continue to evaluate the impact of the effective and potential tariffs on our supply chain, costs, sales, and profitability as well as our strategies to mitigate any negative impact, including negotiating with our vendors, seeking alternative sourcing options, and adjusting retail and menu prices, there can be no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful in whole or in part. In some cases, we may have only one supplier for a product or service, which subjects us to the possible risks of shortages, interruptions and price fluctuations, and possible litigation when we change vendors because of performance issues. Global economic factors and the weak economic recovery continue to put significant pressure on suppliers, with some suppliers facing financial distress and others attempting to rebuild profitability, all of which tend to make the supply environment more expensive. If any of these vendors are unable to fulfill its obligations, or if we are unable to find replacement suppliers in the event of a supply disruption, we could encounter supply shortages and/or incur higher costs to secure adequate supplies, either of which could materially harm our business. Our ability to manage our retail inventory levels and changes in merchandise mix may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The long lead times required for a substantial portion of our retail merchandise and the risk of product damages or non-compliance with required specifications could affect the amount of inventory we have available for sale. Additionally, our success depends on our ability to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing consumer demand and preferences for merchandise. If we misjudge the market, we may overstock unpopular products and be forced to take significant markdowns, which could reduce our gross margin. Conversely, if we underestimate demand for our merchandise we may experience inventory shortages resulting in lost revenues. Inventory shrinkage may also result in lost revenues. Any of these factors could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows from operations and our financial condition. 22 
 Table of Contents Our risks are heightened because of our single retail distribution facility and our potential inability or failure to execute on a comprehensive business continuity plan following a major disaster at or near our corporate facility may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The majority of our retail inventory is shipped into, stored at and shipped out of a single warehouse located in Lebanon, Tennessee. All of the decorative fixtures used in our stores are shipped into, stored at and shipped out of a separate warehouse that is also located in Lebanon, Tennessee. A natural disaster or public health crisis (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) affecting either of these warehouses or their personnel and operations could materially adversely affect our business. Additionally, our corporate systems and processes and support for our restaurant and retail operations are centralized on one campus in Tennessee. We have disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans in place to address most events, back up and offsite locations for recovery of electronic and other forms of data and information. However, if we are unable to implement our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data, failure to support field operations, tardiness in required reporting and compliance and the inability to perform vital corporate functions which could adversely affect our business. Risks Related to IT Systems, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy A material disruption in our information technology, network infrastructure and telecommunication systems could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We rely extensively on our information technology across our operations, including, but not limited to, point of sales processing, supply chain management, retail merchandise allocation and distribution, labor productivity and expense management. Our business depends significantly on the reliability, security and capacity of our information technology systems to process these transactions, summarize results, manage and report on our business and our supply chain. From time to time, we experience unauthorized infiltration attempts and cyber-attacks, which have not yet, but could in the future, materially impact our operations. Cyber-attacks are increasingly common and sophisticated, including through use of developing technologies such as artificial intelligence to identify and exploit weaknesses in business security systems, and we cannot guarantee such attacks will not materially impact our business in the future. Our information technology systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer, network, cable system, internet and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism, and usage errors by our employees. If our information technology and telecommunication systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we could suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our operations in the interim. In addition, from time to time, our systems may become obsolete or require attention and could result in interruptions in our services and non-compliance with certain laws or regulations. Any material interruption in our information technology and telecommunication systems, including due to a cyber-attack or unauthorized infiltration attempt, could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. In addition, some of these essential technology-based business systems are outsourced to third parties. While we make efforts to ensure that our outsourced providers are observing proper standards and controls, we cannot guarantee that breaches, disruptions or failures caused by these providers will not occur. 23 
 Table of Contents If we fail or our vendors fail to comply with privacy and data protection laws or our systems are compromised, our operations could be negatively impacted and we could be subject to litigation and adverse publicity. The protection of customer, employee and company data is critical to us. We are subject to laws relating to information security, privacy, cashless payments, consumer credit, and fraud. Additionally, an increasing number of government and industry groups have established laws and standards for the protection of personal and health information. As a merchant and service provider of point-of-sale services, we are also subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard issued by the Payment Card Industry Council. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. Compliance with these requirements may result in cost increases due to necessary system changes and the development of new administrative processes. In addition, customers and employees have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal information, including confidential card information. Third parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the security of this customer information, and our security measures and those of our technology vendors may not effectively prevent others from obtaining improper access to this information. If we fail to comply with the laws and regulations regarding privacy and security or experience a security breach, we could be exposed to risks of data loss, regulatory investigations and/or penalties, a loss of the ability to process credit and debit card payments, substantial inconvenience or harm to our guests, litigation and serious disruption of our operations. Additionally, any resulting negative publicity could significantly harm our reputation and damage our relations with our guests. We outsource certain business processes to third-party vendors that subject us to risks, including disruptions in business and increased costs; our use of third-party technologies has increased and if we are unable to maintain our rights to these technologies, our business may be harmed. Some of our business processes are currently outsourced to third parties. Such processes include distribution of food and retail products to our store locations and customers, credit and debit card authorization and processing, gift card tracking and authorization, payroll payments, payroll taxes processing, employee payroll card services, health care and workers’ compensation insurance claims processing, wage and related tax credit documentation and approval, guest satisfaction survey programs, employee engagement surveys and externally hosted business software applications. We cannot ensure that all providers of outsourced services are observing proper internal control practices, such as redundant processing facilities, and there are no guarantees that failures will not occur. Failure of third parties to provide adequate services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We maintain relationships with various third-party delivery apps and services such as DoorDash® and Uber Eats. Our sales may be negatively affected if these platforms are damaged or interrupted through technological failures or otherwise. The drivers fulfilling third-party delivery orders may make errors or fail to make timely deliveries such that our food or brands are poorly represented. This could cause reputational harm or adversely impact sales and customer satisfaction. Our sales through these services may also depend on the availability of delivery drivers, who are generally independent contractors. We use third parties to authorize and process credit and debit card payments, which requires the collection and retention of customer data, including sensitive financial data and other personally identifiable information. Such personal information is maintained by third parties who provide payment processing services. A weakness in such third party’s systems or software products (or in the systems or software products in the service providers of those third parties) may lead to a data breach or pose cybersecurity risks. If we, or one of our third party service providers experience a cyber attack or security data breach, our results of operations and brand may suffer. Additionally, we may have to make a significant investment to remedy or replace such systems. 24 
 Table of Contents We rely on certain technology licensed from third parties and may be required to license additional technology in the future for use in managing our internet sites and providing services to our guests and employees. These third-party technology licenses may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. The inability to enter into and maintain these technology licenses could adversely affect our business. Legal and Regulatory Risks We are subject to a number of risks relating to federal, state and local regulation of our business, including the areas of health care reform and environmental matters, and an insufficient or ineffective response to government regulation may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The restaurant industry is subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those relating to food safety, and other labor issues (such as unionization), health care, animal health and welfare, menu labeling and building and zoning requirements and those relating to the preparation and sale of food and alcoholic beverages as well as certain retail products. The development and operation of our stores depend to a significant extent on the selection and acquisition of suitable sites, which are subject to zoning, land use, environmental, traffic and other regulations and requirements. We are also subject to licensing and regulation by state and l