ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Any of the following factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The risks described below are not the only risks that we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently view as immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are subject to a variety of risks, including those described below. In particular, these risks include, but are not limited to: • Risks related to our business operations: We participate in very competitive markets and we may not be able to compete successfully, causing us to lose market share and sales. • Risks related to our indebtedness and financing abilities: Our indebtedness may limit our financial and operating flexibility, and we may incur additional debt, which could increase the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness. • Risks related to our international operations: We are subject to significant international business risks that could hurt our business and cause our results of operations to fluctuate. • Risks related to data privacy and intellectual property: We may not be able to adequately establish and protect our intellectual property rights, and the infringement or loss of our intellectual property rights could harm our business. • Risks related to litigation and regulatory compliance: We are subject to a number of claims and litigation and may be subject to future claims and litigation, any of which may adversely affect our business. • Risks related to investment in our common stock: The market price of the Company’s common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control. Risks Related to our Business Operations Our plans to separate our HPC business into an independent, publicly traded company may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or at all and, if completed, may not achieve the intended benefits. We have previously announced our plan to divest our HPC business through a sale or spin of the segment. A spin off would be through a pro rata distribution of shares to our common stockholders and the recognition of two distinct and independent, publicly traded companies. The proposed spin is subject to various conditions, is complex in nature, and may be affected by unanticipated developments, credit and equity markets, or changes in market conditions. As independent, publicly traded companies, each of the resulting companies will be smaller and less diversified than the existing company, with a narrower business focus, and they may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions. We may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that we anticipate to result from the separation, or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. We may experience negative reactions from financial markets if we do not complete the separation in a reasonable time period, or at all. Following the proposed separation, the combined value of the shares of the two publicly traded companies may not be equal to or greater than what the value of our common stock would have been had the proposed separation not occurred. In addition, the cost and resources required to effectuate the separation may be significantly higher than what we currently anticipate. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the price of our common stock. Reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements that are beyond our control could adversely affect our business. We rely on third parties, including suppliers, distributors, alliances with other companies, and third-party service providers, for selected aspects of product development, manufacturing, commercialization, support for information technology systems, product distribution, and certain financial transactional processes. Additionally, we have outsourced certain functions to third-party service providers to leverage leading specialized capabilities and achieve cost efficiencies. Outsourcing these functions involves the risk that third-party service providers may not perform to our standards or legal requirements, may not produce reliable results, may not perform in a timely manner, may not maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information, or may fail to perform at all. While we have implemented processes and procedures to try to ensure that the suppliers we use are complying with all applicable regulations, there can be no assurances that such suppliers in all instances will comply with such processes and procedures or otherwise with applicable regulations. Noncompliance could result in our marketing and distribution of contaminated, defective or dangerous products which could subject us to liabilities and could result in the imposition by governmental authorities of procedures or penalties that could restrict or eliminate our ability to purchase products. Any or all of these effects could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, any disruption to global supply chains or shipping channels, such as recently announced tariffs, a government shutdown, war, natural disaster or global pandemic, could affect the ability of our third-party service providers to meet their contractual obligations to us. The impact of such global disruptions to the economic conditions of our suppliers cannot be predicted. Further, our suppliers may be unable to access financing or become insolvent for any other reasons and thus become unable to supply us with products. Failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, confidentiality or other obligations to us could result in material financial loss, higher costs, regulatory actions, and reputational harm. 11 Table of Contents Compliance with regulations regarding the use of “conflict minerals” could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain metals used in manufacturing our products. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act includes provisions regarding certain minerals and metals, known as conflict minerals, mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries. These provisions require companies to undertake due diligence procedures and report on the use of conflict minerals in its products, including products manufactured by third parties. Compliance with these provisions causes us to incur costs to certify that our supply chain is conflict free and we may face difficulties if our suppliers are unwilling or unable to verify the source of their materials. Our ability to source these minerals and metals may also be adversely impacted. In addition, our customers may require that we provide them with a certification and our inability to do so may disqualify us as a supplier. Uncertain global economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products or cause our customers and other business partners to suffer financial hardship, which could adversely impact our business. Our business could be negatively impacted by reduced demand for our products related to one or more significant local, regional or global economic disruptions, such as: a slow-down in the general economy; reduced market growth rates; increased inflation rates; tighter credit markets for our suppliers, vendors or customers; a significant shift in government policies; the deterioration of economic relations between countries or regions, including potential negative consumer sentiment toward non-local products or sources; or the inability to conduct day-to-day transactions through our financial intermediaries to pay funds to, or collect funds from, our customers, vendors and suppliers. Additionally, economic conditions may cause our suppliers, distributors, contractors or other third-party partners to suffer financial difficulties that they cannot overcome, resulting in their inability to provide us with the materials and services we need, in which case our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Customers may also suffer financial hardships due to economic conditions such that their accounts become uncollectible or are subject to longer collection cycles. In addition, if we are unable to generate sufficient income and cash flow, it could affect the Company’s ability to achieve expected share repurchase and dividend payments. The People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) government may intervene with or influence the operations of our suppliers at any time, which could result in a material change in our operations. Many of our suppliers conduct significant operations in China. The PRC government may choose to exercise significant oversight and discretion, and the regulations to which our suppliers are subject may change rapidly and with little notice to us or our shareholders. As a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of new and existing laws and regulations in China are often uncertain. In addition, these laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied inconsistently by different agencies or authorities, and inconsistently with our suppliers’ current policies and practices. New laws, regulations, and other government directives in China may also be costly to comply with, and such compliance or any associated inquiries or investigations or any other government actions may: • delay or impede our development; • result in negative publicity or increase our operating costs; • require significant management time and attention; and • subject our suppliers to remedies, administrative penalties and liabilities that may harm our and our suppliers’ businesses, including fines, demands or orders that we or our suppliers modify or cease our business practices. The promulgation of new laws or regulations, or the new interpretation of existing laws and regulations, in each case that restrict or otherwise unfavorably impact the ability or manner in which we or our suppliers conduct our respective businesses could require us to change certain aspects of our business to ensure compliance, which could decrease demand for our products, increase costs, require us to obtain more licenses, permits, approvals or certificates, or subject us to additional liabilities. To the extent any new or more stringent measures are required to be implemented, our business and results of operations and the value of our shares could be adversely affected. Disruption in our global supply chain may negatively impact our business results. Our ability to meet our customers’ needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of supply chain optimizations and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant arrangements. The loss or disruption of such manufacturing and supply arrangements, including for issues such as labor disputes, labor shortages, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, discontinuity in our internal information and data systems, inability to procure sufficient raw or input materials, significant changes in trade policy, natural disasters, increasing severity or frequency of extreme weather events due to climate change or otherwise, acts of war or terrorism, or disease outbreaks or other external factors over which we have no control, including inflation, have interrupted product supply and, if not effectively managed and remedied, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We participate in very competitive markets and we may not be able to compete successfully, causing us to lose market share and sales. We compete for consumer acceptance and limited shelf space based upon brand name recognition, perceived product quality, price, performance, product features and enhancements, product packaging and design innovation, as well as creative marketing, promotion and distribution strategies, and new product introductions. Additional discussion over the segments, product categories, and markets in which we compete are included under Item 1 above. Our ability to compete in these consumer product markets may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: • We compete against many well-established companies that may have substantially greater financial and other resources, including personnel and research and development, and greater overall market share than us. • In some key product lines, our competitors may have lower production costs and higher profit margins than us, which may enable them to compete more aggressively in offering retail discounts, rebates and other promotional incentives. • Technological advancements, product improvements or effective advertising campaigns by competitors may weaken consumer demand for our products. • Consumer purchasing behavior may shift to distribution channels, including to online retailers, where we and our customers do not have a strong presence. • Consumer preferences may change to lower or higher margin products or products other than those we market. • We may not be successful in the introduction, marketing and manufacture of any new products or product innovations or be able to develop and introduce, in a timely manner, innovations to our existing products that satisfy customer needs or achieve market acceptance. 12 Table of Contents In addition, in certain of our product lines, we compete with our retail customers, who use their own private label brands, and with distributors and foreign manufacturers of unbranded products. Significant new competitors or increased competition from existing competitors, including specifically private label brands, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of our operations. Some competitors may be willing to reduce prices and accept lower profit margins to compete with us. As a result of this competition, we could lose market share and sales or be forced to reduce our prices to meet competition. If our product offerings are unable to compete successfully, our sales, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we may be unable to implement changes to our products or otherwise adapt to changing consumer trends. If we are unable to respond to changing consumer trends, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. Changes in consumer preferences and shopping trends and changes in distribution channels could significantly harm our business. We sell our products through a variety of trade channels with a significant portion dependent upon retail partnerships, through both traditional brick-and-mortar retail channels and e-commerce channels. We are seeing the emergence of strong e-commerce channels generating more online competition and declining in-store traffic in brick-and-mortar retailers. Our strategic initiatives have begun to direct significant investment into owned e-commerce platforms and developing relationships with digital channel partners. If we are not successful in developing and utilizing e-commerce channels that future consumers may prefer, we may experience lower than expected revenues. Consumer shopping preferences have shifted and may continue to shift in the future to distribution channels other than traditional retail that may have more limited experience, presence and developed, such as e-commerce channels. These shifts could be to retail channels in which we have more limited experience, presence and development, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are also seeing more traditional brick-and-mortar retailers consolidating, closing physical stores, and filing for bankruptcy, which could further concentrate the negotiating power of our remaining brick-and-mortar customers and negatively impact our distribution strategies and/or sales if such retailers decide to pursue aggressive price reduction strategies, significantly reduce their inventory levels for our products or to designate more floor space to our competitors. Further consolidation, store closures and bankruptcies could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, as well as the trading price of our securities. Consolidation of retailers and our dependence on a small number of key customers for a significant percentage of our sales may negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result of consolidation of retailers that has occurred during the past several years, particularly in the U.S. and the European Union (“EU”), and consumer trends toward national mass merchandisers, a significant percentage of our sales are attributable to a limited group of customers. As these mass merchandisers and retailers grow larger and become more sophisticated, they may demand lower pricing, special packaging or impose other requirements on product suppliers. These business demands may relate to inventory practices, logistics or other aspects of the customer-supplier relationship. Because of the importance of these key customers, demands for price reductions or promotions, retail inventory levels and requirements influencing their purchasing, consumer shopping behavior and patterns, and changes in their financial condition or loss of their accounts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our success is dependent on our ability to manage our retailer relationships, including offering mutually acceptable trade terms. Concentration of sales are further discussed in Item 1 - Business above and Note 5 - Revenue Recognition and Receivables in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements . Although we have long-established relationships with many of our retail customers, we generally do not have long-term agreements with them and purchases are normally made through the use of individual purchase orders. Any significant reduction in purchases, failure to obtain anticipated orders or delays or cancellations of orders by any of these major retail customers, changes to retail inventory management strategies and initiatives, competition from private label products or significant pressure to reduce prices and support promotions and discounts from any of these major retail customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, any decline in retail consumer spending, a significant deterioration in the financial condition of the retail industry in general, the bankruptcy of any of our customers or any of our customers ceasing operations could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. As a result of retailers maintaining tighter inventory control, we face risks related to meeting demand and storing inventory. There is a growing trend among retailers to purchase products on a “just-in-time” basis. Due to a number of factors, including (i) manufacturing lead-times, (ii) seasonal purchasing patterns, and (iii) the potential for material price increases, we may be required to shorten our lead-time for production and more closely anticipate shifts in our retailers’ demands and consumer spending habits, which could in the future, require us to carry additional inventories and increase our working capital and related financing requirements. This may increase the cost of warehousing inventory or result in excess inventory becoming difficult to manage, unusable or obsolete and impact our ability to realize the anticipated returns from product sales. In addition, if our retailers significantly change their inventory management strategies, we may encounter difficulties in filling customer orders or in liquidating excess inventories or may find that customers are cancelling orders or returning products, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, we primarily sell branded products and a move by one or more of our large customers to sell significant quantities of private label products, which could be at the exclusion of our products and/or which directly compete with our products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Sales of certain of our products are seasonal and may cause our operating results and working capital requirements to fluctuate. On a consolidated basis, our financial results are approximately equally weighted across our quarters, however, sales of certain product categories tend to be seasonal. Further discussion over the seasonality of our sales is included in Item 1 - Business . As a result of this seasonality, our inventory and working capital needs fluctuate significantly throughout the year. In addition, orders from retailers are often made late in the period preceding the applicable peak season, making forecasting of production schedules and inventory purchases difficult. If we are unable to accurately forecast and prepare for customer orders or our working capital needs, or there is a general downturn in business or economic conditions during these periods, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Adverse weather conditions during our peak selling seasons for our home and garden products could have a material adverse effect on our home and garden business. Weather conditions have a significant impact on the timing and volume of sales of certain of our lawn and garden and household insecticide and repellent products. For example, periods of dry, hot weather can decrease insecticide sales, while periods of cold and wet weather can slow sales of herbicides. Adverse weather conditions during the first six months of the calendar year (the Company’s second and third fiscal quarters), when demand for home and garden control products typically peaks, could have a material adverse effect on our home and garden business and our financial results during such period. 13 Table of Contents Our products utilize certain key raw materials; any significant increase in the price of, or change in supply and demand for, these raw materials could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and profits. The principal raw materials used to produce our products, including petroleum-based plastic materials and corrugated materials (for packaging), are sourced either on a global or regional basis by us or our suppliers, and the prices of those raw materials are susceptible to price fluctuations due to supply and demand trends, energy costs, transportation costs, government regulations, duties and tariffs, changes in currency exchange rates, price controls, general economic conditions, inflation, and other unforeseen circumstances. Although we may seek to increase the prices of certain of our goods to our customers, we may not be able to pass all of these cost increases on to our customers. As a result, our margins may be adversely impacted by such cost increases. We cannot provide any assurance that our sources of supply will not be interrupted due to changes in worldwide supply of or demand for raw materials or other events that interrupt material flow, which may have an adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. If we are not effective in managing our exposure to above average costs for an extended period of time, and we are unable to pass our raw materials costs on to our customers, our future profitability may be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, with respect to transportation costs, certain modes of delivery are subject to fuel surcharges which are determined based upon the current cost of diesel fuel in relation to pre-established agreed upon costs. We may be unable to pass these fuel surcharges on to our customers, which may have an adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. In addition, we have exclusivity arrangements and minimum purchase requirements with certain of our suppliers for the home and garden business, which increase our dependence upon and exposure to those suppliers. Some of those agreements include caps on the price we pay for our supplies and in certain instances these caps have allowed us to purchase materials at below market prices. When we attempt to renew those contracts, the other parties to the contracts may not be willing to include or may limit the effect of those caps and could even attempt to impose above market prices in an effort to make up for any below market prices paid by us prior to the renewal of the agreement. Any failure to timely obtain suitable supplies at competitive prices could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our dependence on a few suppliers for certain of our products makes us vulnerable to supply disruption. We generally do not have long-term contracts with our suppliers. If any of the following were to occur, we could experience loss and liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations: • our ability to identify and develop relationships with qualified suppliers; • the terms and conditions upon which we purchase products from our suppliers, including applicable exchange rates, transport and other costs, our suppliers’ willingness to extend credit to us to finance our inventory purchases and other factors beyond our control; • the financial condition of our suppliers and their ability to deliver products on a timely and efficient basis; • political and economic instability in the countries in which our suppliers are located, as a result of war, terrorist attacks, pandemics, natural disasters or otherwise; • our ability to import outsourced products; • our suppliers’ noncompliance with applicable laws, trade restrictions and tariffs; or • our suppliers’ ability to manufacture and deliver outsourced products according to our standards of quality on a timely and efficient basis. If our relationship with one of our key suppliers is adversely affected, we may not be able to quickly or effectively replace such supplier and may not be able to retrieve tooling, molds or other specialized production equipment or processes used by such supplier in the manufacture of our products. The loss of one or more of our suppliers, a material reduction in their supply of products or provision of services to us or extended disruptions or interruptions in their operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our home and garden products are mainly manufactured from our Vinita Park, MO, facility and our aquatics products and certain companion animal products are manufactured in Blacksburg, VA, Bridgeton, MO, Noblesville IN and Melle, Germany. We are dependent upon the continued safe operation of these facilities. Our facilities are subject to various hazards associated with the manufacturing, handling, storage, and transportation of chemical materials and products, including human error, leaks and ruptures, explosions, floods, fires, inclement weather and natural disasters, power loss or other infrastructure failures, mechanical failure, unscheduled downtime, regulatory requirements, the loss of certifications, technical difficulties, labor disputes, inability to obtain material, equipment or transportation, environmental hazards such as remediation, chemical spills, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases, and other risks. Many of these hazards could cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to, or destruction of, property and equipment and environmental contamination. In addition, the occurrence of material operation problems at our facilities due to any of these hazards could cause a disruption in the production of products. We may also encounter difficulties or interruption as a result of the application of enhanced manufacturing technologies or changes to production lines to improve throughput or to upgrade or repair its production lines. The Company’s insurance policies have coverage in case of significant damage to its manufacturing facilities but may not fully compensate for the cost of replacement for any such damage and any loss from business interruption. As a result, we may not be adequately insured to cover losses resulting from significant damage to our manufacturing facility. Any damage to this facility or interruption in manufacturing could result in production delays and delays in meeting contractual obligations which could have a material adverse effect on relationships with customers and on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows in any given period. 14 Table of Contents We face a number of local, regional, and global uncertainties and potential disruptions, including relating to political and economic instability in a number of regions, some of which have been historically volatile, including relating to political and economic instability in a number of regions, some of which have been historically volatile, which could adversely impact our businesses. We face a number of local, regional, and global uncertainties and potential disruptions, including relating to political and economic instability in a number of regions, some of which have been historically volatile, which could adversely impact our businesses, our financial performance or liquidity, and our ability to carry out our go-forward plans and strategies. These economic uncertainties and potential disruptions include a slow-down in the general economy; reduced market growth rates; increased inflation rates and cost of goods; increased fuel and employee costs; higher interest rates; tighter credit markets; changes in government policies, including the imposition of tariffs or import costs; the deterioration of economic relations between countries or regions; and the escalation or continuation of armed conflict, hostilities or economic sanctions between countries or regions, all of which can negatively impact our ability to manufacture, supply or sell our products and otherwise conduct our day-to-day operations. For instance, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine has led us to terminate, reduce or significantly change our business activities in these regions and certain surrounding regions. We have also experienced increased shipping costs and shipping delays from the dangerous disruptions to shipping in the Red Sea. We have closed our HPC operations within Russia and in the future, we may have to further reduce or cease doing business within the certain surrounding regions, which could have a negative impact on our ability to collect outstanding accounts receivables, or impose additional costs, further negatively impacting our business performance. In addition, the economic sanctions and hostilities in Russia and Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war (including other parts of the Middle East) may negatively impact our and our customers’ financial viability, which may negatively impact us or the demands or economic viability of our customers in other parts of the world. The Company has in the past and may in the future , transition its third-party logistics service providers at its distribution centers, which efforts would require incorporating a new service provider into our distribution capabilities and are complicated and require coordination among a number of our stakeholders, including our suppliers and transportation and logistics handlers. These changes and updates are inherently difficult and may be exacerbated by the other uncertainties and potential disruptions our business faces. We do not control the operations of these third parties and are dependent on them to execute our orders and deliver our products in a timely and efficient way. The failure of these third parties to fulfill all of their obligations to us could result in lost sales, penalties and other adverse effects on our business. While we believe that optimizing our distribution centers and other aspects of our supply chain and customer delivery network will allow us to manage our inventory more efficiently and more effectively respond to customer demands, there can be no assurance that we will realize such benefits. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, delays in executing these efforts. Our inability to execute, or timely execute these efforts, has resulted in us being unable to supply, or timely supply, our products to our customers or incurring higher costs and reductions in revenues, incurring penalties imposed by our customers, or may disrupt our business operations. Furthermore, our raw materials are sourced from industries characterized by a limited supply base, and their cost can fluctuate substantially. Under many of our supply arrangements, the price we pay for raw materials fluctuates along with certain changes in underlying commodities costs. Price increases for our raw materials have placed pressure on our costs and could continue to do so, and we may not be able to effectively hedge or pass along any such increases to our customers or consumers. Furthermore, any price increases passed along to our customers or consumers could significantly reduce demand for our products and could negatively affect our business and financial performance. If we are unable to negotiate satisfactory terms to continue existing or enter into additional collective bargaining agreements, we may experience an increased risk of labor disruptions and our results of operations and financial condition may suffer. While we currently expect to negotiate continuations to the terms of collective bargaining agreements, there can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain terms that are satisfactory to us or otherwise to reach agreement at all with the applicable parties. In addition, in the course of our business, we may also become subject to additional collective bargaining agreements. These agreements may be on terms that are less favorable than those under our current collective bargaining agreements. Increased exposure to collective bargaining agreements, whether on terms more or less favorable than our existing collective bargaining agreements, could adversely affect the operation of our business, including through increased labor expenses. While we intend to comply with all collective bargaining agreements to which we are subject, there can be no assurances that we will be able to do so and any noncompliance could subject us to disruptions in our operations and materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. For additional information see the discussion over the Company’s labor force subject to collective bargaining agreements under the caption Employee Profile in Item 1 - Business above. Significant changes in actual investment return on pension assets, discount rates, and other factors could affect our results of operations, equity and pension contributions in future periods. Our results of operations may be positively or negatively affected by the amount of income or expense we record for the defined benefit pension plans for which we are responsible. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the U.S. (“GAAP”) requires that we calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial markets and other economic conditions, which may change based on changes in key economic indicators. The most significant assumptions we use to estimate pension income or expense are the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. In addition, we are required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant change to equity. Although pension expense and pension funding contributions are not directly related, key economic factors that affect pension expense would also likely affect the amount of cash we would contribute to pension plans as required under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. Refer to Note - 14 Employee Benefit Plans in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information and disclosure over defined benefit plans. Our business may be materially affected by changes to fiscal and tax policies that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. We operate globally and changes in tax laws could adversely affect our results. On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Reform Act”) was signed into law. The legislation, which became effective on January 1, 2018, significantly changed U.S. tax law by, among other things, lowering corporate income tax rates, implementing a dividends received deduction for dividends from foreign subsidiaries, imposing a repatriation tax on deemed repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, a minimum tax on foreign earnings, limitations on deduction of business interest expense and limits on deducting compensation to certain executive officers. Additional tax regulations and interpretations of the Tax Reform Act have been, and continue to be, issued, some with retroactive application dates and some which materially impacted the Company. The Company understands that other U.S. taxpayers have or plan to challenge the constitutionality of a set of regulations that had a material impact on the Company. If the regulations were ruled unconstitutional, the Company could be favorably impacted. New or revised interpretations of the Tax Reform Act and state conformity with its provisions could have a material impact on the valuation allowance recorded on U.S. state net operating losses. Certain of these changes could have a negative or adverse impact on the operating results and cash flows of the Company. In addition, our future income tax obligations and effective tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in, or interpretations of, tax laws, regulations, policies, or decisions in the U.S. as a result of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the "Act"), which was signed into law on July 4, 2025. The Act contains numerous provisions related to corporate income taxes with various effective dates, which could have a negative or adverse impact on the operating results and cash flows of the Company. See Note 15 – Income Taxes in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on the impact from the Tax Reform Act. 15 Table of Contents We may not be able to fully utilize our U.S. tax attributes. The Company has accumulated a substantial amount of U.S. federal and state net operating loss (“NOLs”) carryforwards, and federal and state tax credits that will expire if unused. We have concluded that it is more likely than not that the majority of the federal and state deferred tax assets related to loss and credit carryforwards will not create tax benefits in the future. As a consequence of earlier business combinations and issuances of common stock, the Company and its subsidiaries have had various changes of ownership that continue to subject a significant amount of the Company’s U.S. NOLs and other tax attributes to certain limitations; and therefore a valuation allowance is still recognized on certain federal and state tax asset carryforwards that are expected to expire due to the ownership change limitations or because we do not believe we will earn enough taxable income to utilize. Changes to state conformity to the provisions of the U.S. federal income tax law could have a material impact on the valuation allowance recorded on U.S. state net operating losses. For further discussion on the Company’s federal and state NOLs, credits, and applicable valuation allowance see Note 15 – Income Taxes in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements . Our strategic initiatives including acquisitions and divestitures may not be successful and may divert our management’s attention away from operations and could create general customer uncertainty. Our growth strategy is based in part on growth through strategic initiatives including both acquisitions and divestitures, which poses a number of risks. We may not be successful in identifying appropriate acquisition candidates, achieving targeted values as part of a disposition, consummating an acquisition or divestiture on satisfactory terms, integrating any newly acquired or expanded business with our current operations, or separating a divested business or commingled operation effectively. We may issue additional equity, incur long-term or short-term indebtedness, spend cash or use a combination of these for all or part of the consideration paid in future acquisitions or expansion of our operations, which may not be available to us on terms we find advantageous or acceptable, if at all. In addition, subject to any requirements in the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness, we may have significant discretion in how we employ the consideration received in a divestiture and our management may not apply such consideration in a way that is ultimately accretive to our business. The execution of our strategic initiatives could entail repositioning or similar actions that in turn require us to record impairments, restructuring and other charges. Any such charges would reduce our earnings. We cannot guarantee that any future business acquisitions or divestitures will be pursued or that any acquisitions or divestitures that are pursued will be consummated. For example, the Company had