ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Our Company All references to “CF Holdings,” “we,” “us,” “our” and “the Company,” refer to CF Industries Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries, except where the context makes clear that the reference is to CF Industries Holdings, Inc. only and not its subsidiaries. All references to “CF Industries” refer to CF Industries, Inc., a 100% owned subsidiary of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. References to tons refer to short tons. Notes referenced throughout this document refer to consolidated financial statement note disclosures that are found in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Our mission is to provide clean energy to feed and fuel the world sustainably. With our employees focused on safe and reliable operations, environmental stewardship, and disciplined capital and corporate management, we are on a path to decarbonize our ammonia production network – the world’s largest – to enable low-carbon hydrogen and nitrogen products for energy, fertilizer, emissions abatement and other industrial activities. Our value chain consists of manufacturing complexes in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, an extensive storage, transportation and distribution network in North America, and logistics capabilities enabling a global reach. In July 2025, we completed a significant decarbonization project at our Donaldsonville, Louisiana, complex to enable the production of low-carbon ammonia. Additionally, we are executing further decarbonization projects in our existing network and constructing a greenfield low-carbon ammonia plant at our Blue Point complex to drive our strategy to leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the world’s transition to clean energy. Our principal customers are cooperatives, retailers, independent fertilizer distributors, traders, wholesalers and industrial users. Our core product is anhydrous ammonia (ammonia), which contains 82% nitrogen and 18% hydrogen. Products derived from ammonia that are most often used as nitrogen fertilizers include granular urea, urea ammonium nitrate solution (UAN) and ammonium nitrate (AN). AN is also used extensively by the commercial explosives industry as a component of explosives. Products derived from ammonia that are sold primarily to industrial customers include diesel exhaust fluid (DEF), urea liquor, nitric acid and aqua ammonia. In addition, our low-carbon products are expected to be used for existing and new applications, such as power generation and steel production in Japan, and to help customers reduce the economic impact of European regulations on the price of carbon. Our principal assets as of December 31, 2025 include: • six U.S. manufacturing facilities, located in Donaldsonville, Louisiana (the largest ammonia production complex in the world); Sergeant Bluff, Iowa (our Port Neal complex); Yazoo City, Mississippi; Claremore, Oklahoma (our Verdigris complex); Woodward, Oklahoma; and Waggaman, Louisiana. The Waggaman facility is wholly owned by us, and the other five U.S. manufacturing facilities are wholly owned directly or indirectly by CF Industries Nitrogen, LLC (CFN), of which we own approximately 89% and CHS Inc. (CHS) owns the remainder; • two Canadian manufacturing facilities, located in Medicine Hat, Alberta (the largest ammonia production complex in Canada) and Courtright, Ontario; • a United Kingdom manufacturing facility located in Billingham; • an extensive system of terminals and associated transportation equipment located primarily in the Midwestern United States; • a 50% interest in Point Lisas Nitrogen Limited (PLNL), an ammonia production joint venture located in Trinidad and Tobago (Trinidad) that we account for under the equity method; and • a 40% interest in Blue Point Number One, LLC, a joint venture formed on April 8, 2025 (the Blue Point joint venture), to construct a manufacturing plant at our Blue Point complex located in Modeste, Louisiana. The joint venture entity is a variable interest entity (VIE) of which we are the primary beneficiary. As a result, we consolidate this entity in our consolidated financial statements, with the combined 60% equity interest owned by our joint venture partners recorded as noncontrolling interests. See “Our Strategy—Blue Point joint venture,” below, for additional information. We have a strategic venture with CHS under which CHS owns an equity interest in CFN, a subsidiary of CF Holdings, which represents approximately 11% of the membership interests of CFN. We own the remaining membership interests. CHS also receives deliveries pursuant to a supply agreement under which CHS has the right to purchase annually from CFN up to approximately 1.1 million tons of granular urea and 580,000 tons of UAN at market prices. As a result of its minority equity 1 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. interest in CFN, CHS is entitled to semi-annual cash distributions from CFN. We are also entitled to semi-annual cash distributions from CFN. See Note 18—Noncontrolling Interests for additional information on our strategic venture with CHS. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we sold 19.1 million, 18.9 million and 19.1 million product tons generating net sales of $7.08 billion, $5.94 billion and $6.63 billion, respectively. Our principal executive offices are located outside of Chicago, Illinois, at 2375 Waterview Drive, Northbrook, Illinois 60062, and our telephone number is 847-405-2400. Our Internet website address is www.cfindustries.com. Information made available on our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available free of charge on or through our Internet website, www.cfindustries.com , all of our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is filed electronically with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Copies of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Corporate Conduct and charters for the Audit Committee, Compensation and Management Development Committee, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, and Environmental Sustainability and Community Committee of our Board of Directors (the Board) are also available on our Internet website. We will provide electronic or paper copies of these documents free of charge upon request. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information that we file electronically with the SEC. Our Strategy At our core, CF Industries is a producer of ammonia. We use the Haber-Bosch process to fix atmospheric nitrogen with hydrogen from natural gas to produce anhydrous ammonia, whose chemical composition is NH 3 . We sell the ammonia itself or upgrade it to products such as granular urea, UAN and DEF. A majority of the ammonia and ammonia-derived products we manufacture are used as fertilizer, as the nitrogen content provides energy essential for crop growth. Other important uses of our products include emissions control. Our strategy is to leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the world’s transition to clean energy. Our unique capabilities include: advantaged production, unmatched distribution and logistics network, operational excellence and disciplined capital stewardship. Our leadership in ammonia production enables us to drive continued operational excellence in our underlying business while investing in decarbonization technologies to produce ammonia with a lower carbon intensity than that of ammonia produced through traditional processes (“low-carbon ammonia”). These investments allow us to pursue demand for low-carbon ammonia and upgraded products for both traditional and new applications. Traditional applications include agriculture, where low-carbon nitrogen products can be used to reduce the carbon footprint of food production and the life cycle carbon intensity of ethanol production. New growth opportunities include power generation and marine shipping, which are hard-to-abate industries for which low-carbon ammonia offers a potential path to significantly lower carbon footprints as it does not contain or emit carbon when combusted. Decarbonizing our existing network At our Donaldsonville and Yazoo City complexes, our decarbonization projects are leveraging carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) to enable us to convert a portion of our existing ammonia production to low-carbon ammonia production. CCS requires the construction of carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) dehydration and compression units to enable process CO 2 captured from the ammonia production process to be transported and sequestered, which prevents approximately 60% of the CO 2 generated by ammonia production from being emitted to the atmosphere. For each facility we have contracted with ExxonMobil to transport and permanently store the captured CO 2 . In July 2025, construction, commissioning and start-up of the dehydration and compression unit at our Donaldsonville complex was completed for a total cost of approximately $200 million. The dehydration and compression unit enables the transportation and permanent geological sequestration of up to 2 million metric tons of CO 2 annually, depending on gross ammonia production and consumption of CO 2 for upgraded products. This sequestered CO 2 would otherwise be emitted into the atmosphere. ExxonMobil, our CCS partner for this project, is transporting and permanently storing the CO 2 . The project qualifies for tax credits under Section 45Q of the Internal Revenue Code (45Q Tax Credits), which provide a tax credit per metric ton of CO 2 captured and disposed of in secure geological storage. As a result of the Donaldsonville CCS project, we have the capacity to produce up to approximately 1.9 million tons of low-carbon ammonia annually at our Donaldsonville complex. On an interim basis, ExxonMobil is storing CO 2 from our Donaldsonville complex in permanent geologic sites through enhanced oil recovery. Upon receiving its Class VI permit, ExxonMobil plans to transition to dedicated permanent storage, 2 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. starting with its Rose CCS project (Rose). Rose is one of many dedicated permanent storage sites ExxonMobil is developing along the Gulf Coast to expand its integrated CCS network. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency issued the final Class VI permits for Rose in October 2025. Beginning of storage activities at Rose also requires authorization from the Railroad Commission of Texas. Construction of the dehydration and compression unit at our Yazoo City complex is expected to cost approximately $100 million. At Yazoo City, CCS is expected to commence in 2028, following construction, commissioning and start-up, and annually is expected to enable the transportation and sequestration of up to approximately 500,000 metric tons of CO 2 that would otherwise have been emitted into the atmosphere. The Yazoo City CCS project is expected to qualify for 45Q Tax Credits, which provide a tax credit per metric ton of CO 2 captured and disposed of in secure geological storage. In the fourth quarter of 2025, we completed a nitric acid plant abatement project at our Verdigris complex. The abatement project is expected to significantly reduce nitrous oxide emissions from the plant, lowering CO 2 equivalent (CO 2 e) emissions by over 600,000 metric tons on an annual basis. Blue Point joint venture On April 8, 2025, we formed the Blue Point joint venture with JERA Co., Inc. (JERA), Japan’s largest energy company, and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. (Mitsui), a leading global investment and trading company, to construct a low-carbon ammonia production facility at our Blue Point complex located in Modeste, Louisiana. We hold 40% ownership, JERA holds 35% ownership, and Mitsui holds 25% ownership in the Blue Point joint venture. Under the terms of the Blue Point joint venture’s limited liability company agreement, JERA had a conditional option that, if the specified condition were met, JERA could reduce its ownership percentage below 35% but not lower than 20%. We would have had the right and obligation to increase our ownership by the same amount had JERA opted to reduce its ownership. The option expired and is no longer exercisable. The Blue Point joint venture is expected to construct an autothermal reforming (ATR) ammonia production facility with a CO 2 dehydration and compression unit to prepare captured CO 2 for transportation and sequestration. Engineering, equipment procurement and pre-construction activities at our Blue Point complex began in the second quarter of 2025. Construction of the ammonia production facility is expected to begin in 2026, with low-carbon ammonia production expected to begin in 2029. We are responsible for overseeing and managing the development, construction, operation and maintenance of the ammonia production facility under contracts with the Blue Point joint venture. We, JERA and Mitsui are required to purchase low-carbon ammonia produced by the Blue Point joint venture in accordance with our respective ownership percentages once production commences. We estimate that the cost of the low-carbon ATR ammonia production facility with CCS technologies will be approximately $3.7 billion. We anticipate that approximately one-third of the estimated cost is related to materials that will be imported to the United States, with the majority of imported materials expected to arrive in Louisiana in 2028. Pursuant to periodic capital calls, the Blue Point joint venture members will fund the cost of the facility’s engineering, procurement and construction according to their respective ownership percentages. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we, JERA and Mitsui made capital contributions of $195 million, $170 million and $121 million, respectively, to the Blue Point joint venture. We funded $152 million of our contributions with cash and $43 million through a non-cash contribution of a license to use certain intellectual property. The low-carbon ammonia production facility is designed with an annual nameplate capacity of approximately 1.4 million metric tons (approximately 1.5 million tons) and is expected to capture greater than 95% of the CO 2 generated from its production of ammonia. The facility is expected to capture, compress and dehydrate approximately 2.3 million metric tons of CO 2 annually. Pursuant to a long-term offtake agreement, a joint venture between a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum Corporation and Enbridge Inc. would then transport the CO 2 and permanently sequester it in a Class VI well at its Pelican Sequestration Hub in Louisiana, which is currently under development. The ammonia production facility is expected to qualify for 45Q Tax Credits, which provide a tax credit per metric ton of CO 2 captured and disposed of in secure geological storage. In June 2025, the Blue Point joint venture executed agreements, including a long-term supply agreement, with a subsidiary of Linde plc for them to design, construct, own, operate and maintain an air separation unit (ASU) at our Blue Point complex to supply oxygen and nitrogen to the low-carbon ATR ammonia production facility. Thus, our estimate of the cost of the low-carbon ATR ammonia production facility of approximately $3.7 billion, as noted above, excludes the costs to construct an ASU. In addition, we plan to invest approximately $550 million to build scalable infrastructure at our Blue Point complex to supply the ammonia production facility with services, including product storage and vessel loading. We will own and operate this infrastructure, and the Blue Point joint venture will compensate us for these services. 3 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. We determined that the Blue Point joint venture is a VIE of which we are the primary beneficiary. As a result, we consolidate this VIE in our consolidated financial statements, with the combined 60% equity interest owned by JERA and Mitsui recorded as noncontrolling interests. See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Blue Point Joint Venture, and Note 14—Variable Interest Entity, for additional information on the Blue Point joint venture. Low-carbon ammonia demand We believe that our decarbonization projects provide us with benefits: progress toward our long-term emissions reduction goals, a significant return profile, and a differentiated product offering to existing and new customers. In 2025, we completed our first sales of low-carbon ammonia at a premium to traditional ammonia consumers in Europe and Africa as they began to establish a low-carbon ammonia supply chain. We expect continued demand growth for low-carbon ammonia and upgraded products into Europe as customers seek to reduce the additional costs imposed by the European Union’s regulations, including the carbon border adjustment mechanism in respect of GHG emissions associated with the production of imported ammonia and upgraded products. In 2025, our expectation that there is developing demand for low-carbon ammonia for new applications of our products was confirmed through our joint venture partners, JERA and Mitsui. They have committed low-carbon ammonia volumes from the Blue Point joint venture for power generation and steel production, among other uses, which represent new applications for our products. In December 2025, both JERA and Mitsui were certified as a Supplier of Low-Carbon Hydrogen and its Derivatives by Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry. The certifications were granted under the “Support Focusing on the Price Gap” scheme established in accordance with the Hydrogen Society Promotion Act. We continue to engage in discussions with existing and potential customers who have interest in using low-carbon ammonia for traditional applications as well as for new applications. We are evaluating and are in various stages of discussions with other companies for long-term offtake and/or potential joint investments related to new and traditional applications for low-carbon ammonia. These discussions continue to advance as we gain greater clarity regarding demand for low-carbon ammonia, including associated carbon intensity requirements, government incentives and regulatory developments. Company History We were founded in 1946 as Central Farmers Fertilizer Company and were owned by a group of regional agriculture cooperatives for the first 59 years of our existence. Central Farmers Fertilizer Company became CF Industries in 1970. Originally established as a fertilizer brokerage company, we expanded owning and operating fertilizer manufacturing and distribution facilities in the early 1950s with a principal objective of assured supply for our owners. At various times in our history, we manufactured and/or distributed nitrogen, phosphate and potash fertilizers. We operated as a traditional manufacturing and supply cooperative until 2002, when we adopted a new business model that established financial performance as our principal objective, rather than assured supply for our owners. A critical aspect of the new business model was to establish a more economically driven approach to the marketplace. In August 2005, we completed the initial public offering (IPO) of our common stock, which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. In connection with the IPO, we consummated a reorganization transaction whereby we ceased to be a cooperative and our pre-IPO owners’ equity interests in CF Industries were cancelled in exchange for the proceeds of the offering and shares of our common stock. At the time of the IPO, our assets consisted of one wholly owned nitrogen manufacturing facility in Louisiana, United States; a joint venture nitrogen manufacturing facility in Alberta, Canada, of which we owned 66%; a phosphate mining and manufacturing operation in Florida, United States; and distribution facilities throughout North America. In April 2010, we acquired Terra Industries Inc. (Terra), a leading North American producer and marketer of nitrogen fertilizer products for a purchase price of $4.6 billion, which was paid in cash and shares of our common stock. As a result of the Terra acquisition, we acquired five nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing facilities; an approximately 75.3% interest in Terra Nitrogen Company, L.P. (TNCLP), a publicly traded limited partnership; and certain joint venture interests. Prior to April 30, 2013, we owned 66% of Canadian Fertilizers Limited (CFL), a joint venture nitrogen manufacturing facility in Alberta, Canada. On April 30, 2013, CF Industries acquired the outstanding interests in CFL that it did not already own and CFL became our wholly owned subsidiary. In March 2014, we exited our phosphate mining and manufacturing business, which was located in Florida, through a sale to The Mosaic Company. As a result, we became focused solely on nitrogen manufacturing and distribution. 4 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. In July 2015, we acquired the remaining 50% equity interest in CF Fertilisers UK Group Limited (formerly known as GrowHow UK Group Limited) (CF Fertilisers UK) not previously owned by us, and CF Fertilisers UK became wholly owned by us. This transaction added CF Fertilisers UK’s nitrogen manufacturing complexes in Ince, United Kingdom and Billingham, United Kingdom to our consolidated manufacturing capacity. Due to the substantial increase in the cost of natural gas in the United Kingdom, in 2022, we closed the Ince facility, and in 2023, we ceased operations of the ammonia plant at the Billingham facility, which was idled in September 2022. Since that time, we have imported ammonia for upgrade into AN and other nitrogen products at the Billingham facility. In February 2016, our strategic venture with CHS commenced, at which time CHS made a capital contribution of $2.8 billion to CFN in exchange for membership interests in CFN, which represented approximately 11% of the total membership interests of CFN. In late 2015 and 2016, we completed capacity expansion projects at our Donaldsonville complex in Louisiana and our Port Neal complex in Iowa. These projects, originally announced in 2012, included the construction of new ammonia, urea, and UAN plants at our Donaldsonville complex and new ammonia and urea plants at our Port Neal complex. These plants increased our overall production capacity by approximately 25%, improved our product mix flexibility at Donaldsonville, and improved our ability to serve upper-Midwest urea customers from our Port Neal complex. The total capital cost of the capacity expansion projects was $5.2 billion. Prior to April 2, 2018, Terra Nitrogen, Limited Partnership, which owns and operates our Verdigris nitrogen manufacturing facility in Oklahoma, was a subsidiary of TNCLP. On April 2, 2018, Terra Nitrogen GP Inc., the sole general partner of TNCLP and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of CF Holdings, completed its purchase of all the publicly traded common units of TNCLP (the Purchase). Upon completion of the Purchase, CF Holdings owned, through its subsidiaries, 100% of the general and limited partnership interests of TNCLP. On December 1, 2023, we acquired an ammonia production facility located in Waggaman, Louisiana from Dyno Nobel Louisiana Ammonia, LLC (DNLA), a U.S. subsidiary of Australia-based Incitec Pivot Limited (IPL), pursuant to an asset purchase agreement with DNLA and IPL. The facility has a nameplate capacity of 880,000 tons of ammonia annually. In connection with the closing of the acquisition on December 1, 2023, we entered into a long-term ammonia offtake agreement providing for us to supply up to 200,000 tons of ammonia per year to IPL’s Dyno Nobel, Inc. subsidiary. Under the terms of the asset purchase agreement, $425 million of the $1.675 billion purchase price, subject to adjustment, was allocated by the parties to the ammonia offtake agreement. We funded the balance of the final purchase price, after adjustment, with $1.221 billion of cash on hand. On April 8, 2025, we formed the Blue Point joint venture with JERA and Mitsui to construct a low-carbon ammonia production facility at our Blue Point complex. We hold 40% ownership, JERA holds 35% ownership, and Mitsui holds 25% ownership in the Blue Point joint venture. See “Our Strategy—Blue Point joint venture,” above, for additional information on the Blue Point joint venture. Product Tons and Nutrient Tons Unless otherwise stated, we measure our production and sales volume in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in product tons, which represents the weight of the product measured in short tons (one short ton is equal to 2,000 pounds). References to UAN product tons assume a 32% nitrogen content basis for production volume. We also provide certain supplementary volume information measured in nutrient tons. Nutrient tons represent the weight of the product’s nitrogen content, which varies by product. Ammonia represents 82% nitrogen content, granular urea represents 46% nitrogen content, UAN represents between 28% and 32% nitrogen content and AN represents between 29% and 35% nitrogen content. Reportable Segments Our reportable segments consist of the following segments: Ammonia, Granular Urea, UAN, AN and Other. These segments are differentiated by products. We use gross margin to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. Total other operating costs and expenses (consisting primarily of selling, general and administrative expenses and other operating—net) and non-operating expenses (consisting primarily of interest and income taxes), are centrally managed and are not included in the measurement of segment profitability reviewed by management. See Note 21—Segment Disclosures for additional information. 5 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES H