Item 1. Business Overview and Strategy We focus on building a pipeline of innovative therapeutics to address serious neuropsychiatric disorders with significant unmet medical need. Our current strategic focus is centered on the development of a novel therapeutic approach for neuropsychiatric conditions, with the lead indication being treatment-resistant depression (“TRD”), which we believe represents a substantial clinical and commercial opportunity. Primary Focus on New Potential Treatment for Treatment Resistant Depression (“TRD” ) Over the past year, we have refined our strategic direction toward programs that combine established pharmacologic agents with enabling technologies designed to improve precision, reproducibility, and patient outcomes. As part of this strategy, Cyclerion has evaluated multiple opportunities and prioritized CYC-126, an individualized therapy for TRD as our foundational development program. • In September 2025, we entered into a license agreement with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (“MIT”) for intellectual property supporting this program (the “MIT License Agreement”). Under the terms of the MIT License Agreement, MIT will be eligible to receive up to $4.4 million upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory and sales milestone payments. MIT will also receive tiered royalties in a range of percentages in the low single digits based on future net sales of licensed products as set forth in the MIT License Agreement. Further, we are required to pay MIT varying percentages of income received as consideration for any sublicenses granted. • In January 2026, we entered into a collaboration and option-to-license agreement with Medsteer SAS (“Medsteer”) to access certain technology, data assets, and technical know-how related to drug delivery and physiological monitoring. Under the terms of the Collaboration Agreement, the Company will pay to Medsteer a nominal upfront payment, a payment upon exercise of the Option, and Medsteer will be eligible to receive up to $3.7 million upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory and sales milestone payments. Medsteer will also receive an annual royalty payment and royalties in a percentage in the low single digits based on future net sales of licensed products, subject to certain adjustments as set forth in the Collaboration Agreement. • We are advancing development planning, regulatory strategy, and commercial positioning for this program and intend to initiate a Phase 2 proof-of-concept study in Australia in the second half of 2026. • In February 2026, we received notice from the FDA confirming prior informal communications that CYC-126 will be regulated under the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (“CDER”), with the FDA’s Center for Devices and Radiologic Health (“CDRH”) providing input and reviews as applicable. We believe that the FDA feedback provided clear guidance that the Company believes will help enable an FDA IND submission. The FDA guidance supported continued advancement of the planned Phase 2 study design, leveraging FDA-approved anesthetics and their well-established nonclinical and clinical safety data. • As a result, we expect to remain on track to initiate the Phase 2 study in the second half of 2026, with the first patient anticipated to be enrolled in Australia and U.S. enrollment expected to commence in the first half of 2027. • We have also recently announced the formation of a Clinical Advisory Board with the appointment of five internationally recognized key leaders in neuropsychiatry anesthesiology clinical care, and clinical development. This advisory board will provide strategic guidance and support key decision making regarding clinical development as Cyclerion seeks to advance CYC-126 for TRD and builds a pipeline across neuropsychiatric diseases. CYC-126 is being developed as a potential anesthetic-based therapy for neuropsychiatric indications, including TRD. The system is designed to deliver anesthetic agents while monitoring brain activity to support 6 

 individualized dosing through a patient feedback loop. The Company believes this approach may provide a differentiated treatment option for patients with TRD. CYC-126 consists of two generic intravenous anesthetic agents, propofol and dexmedetomidine, administered through a personalized delivery system intended to operate as a clinical decision support tool for an anesthesiologist. The treatment is expected to be delivered in a hospital-based setting, such as a procedure room or post-anesthesia care unit (“PACU”), followed by a short recovery period in the PACU. Major depressive disorder (“MDD”) is a prevalent psychiatric illness characterized by episodes of depressed mood, cognitive disturbances, and diminished interest or pleasure in activities lasting for at least two weeks. A subset of patients with MDD who do not achieve an adequate response after at least two antidepressant treatments are considered to have treatment-resistant depression. It is estimated that more than one-third of patients with medication-treated MDD meet criteria for TRD, representing approximately 2.8 to 3 million adults in the United States. Patients with TRD experience higher hospitalization rates, increased suicide risk, greater psychiatric comorbidity, and limited effective treatment options. Cyclerion’s development strategy for CYC-126 is intended to leverage existing clinical knowledge and safety data associated with approved anesthetic agents while integrating technology-enabled monitoring and delivery capabilities. We believe this integrated approach may support differentiated clinical performance and scalability in hospital-based treatment settings; however, substantial development, regulatory review, and investment will be required before commercialization, if any. Propofol and dexmedetomidine have an established clinical safety database as widely used anesthetic agents. Additionally, several early-phase clinical studies have suggested that propofol may have rapid-acting antidepressant effects in patients with TRD. Cyclerion is developing CYC-126 to incorporate a proprietary, technology-enabled delivery approach designed to achieve and maintain specific electroencephalogram (“EEG”) states. The Company believes that controlled sedation may modulate communication among brain regions that are dysregulated in patients with TRD. Cyclerion expects to initiate a multinational proof-of-concept, double-blind randomized controlled trial of CYC-126. The study is expected to be conducted in two parts, with the first portion focused on safety and pharmacodynamic effects and the second portion focused on safety and efficacy. The Company currently estimates that the first portion of the study could commence in the second half of 2026 and that both portions of the study could be completed over the subsequent two years. In parallel with the advancement of our neuropsychiatric strategy, Cyclerion continues to evaluate opportunities related to our legacy soluble guanylate cyclase (“sGC”) stimulator assets, including potential collaborations, monetization opportunities, or other strategic transactions intended to maximize shareholder value. To support execution of our strategy, we intend to seek additional capital through equity or other financing transactions. In February 2025, our registration statement on Form S-3 (the “Shelf Registration”) was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, providing flexibility to access the capital markets, subject to market conditions and other factors. Under current SEC regulations, because the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is less than $75 million, the amount of securities we may sell under the Shelf Registration during any twelve-month period is limited to one-third of the aggregate market value of our voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates. In addition to the Shelf Registration, we are also seeking to raise capital to begin Phase 2 trials and for general working capital purposes. There can be no assurance that our efforts to raise capital will be successful, in which event we would have to delay or abandon our plans to implement our strategy for the CY-126 program. Cyclerion operates with a lean organizational structure and utilizes a combination of internal leadership and external consultants to advance our programs while managing operating expenses. Regina Graul, Ph.D., was appointed Chief Executive Officer and Director in August 2024 after previously serving as President. Rhonda Chicko serves as Chief Financial Officer. We may expand our leadership team and operational capabilities over time as our development programs advance. 7 

 Background We were founded in 2018 to focus on the treatment of serious diseases with novel sGC stimulators in both the central nervous system (CNS) and the periphery. Since that time, our strategy for Cyclerion has changed and our sGC assets zagociquat and CY3018 were sold in 2023 to Tisento, we out-licensed praliciguat in 2021. We also entered into a non-binding license option agreement for olinciguat in 2024 which was terminated in 2025. Our prior strategy to conduct research and development on sGC stimulators has been discontinued and we do not intend to internally pursue research and development or commercialization with any sGC asset. We are leveraging our legacy sGC stimulator assets with the goal of generating revenues through potential license agreements, which, if realized, would be used to help fund our strategic building plan and provide value to our stockholders. The following table is a high-level summary of our historical sGC portfolio: 

 Program 
 Indication(s) 
 Description 
 Status 

 Zagociguat (CNS-penetrant) 
 MELAS syndrome (mitochondrial encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes syndrome), cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia, and Alzheimer's Disease with Vascular Pathology (ADV) 
 Zagociguat is a CNS-penetrant sGC stimulator that has shown rapid improvements across a range of endpoints reflecting multiple domains of disease activity, including mitochondrial disease-associated biomarkers. 
 Sold to Tisento as part of the Asset Purchase Agreement in July 2023. On January 8, 2026, Tisento announced completion of enrollment in PRIZM, a global phase 2b study of Zagociguat for the treatment of MELAS. Zagociguat received Fast Track designation in June 2025 from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of MELAS. 
 
 CY3018 (CNS-penetrant) 
 Neuropsychiatric disorders 
 CY3018 is a CNS-penetrant sGC stimulator in preclinical development that has potential for the treatment of neuropsychiatric diseases and disorders. 
 Sold to Tisento as part of the Asset Purchase Agreement in July 2023. 

 Praliciguat (peripheral) 
 Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) 
 Praliciguat is a systemic sGC stimulator that is licensed to Akebia for the treatment of a rare kidney disease. 
 Out-licensed to Akebia in 2021 and renegotiated terms effective December 2024. In December 2025, Akebia announced that the first patient has been dosed in a Phase 2 clinical trial of praliciguat. In February 2026, we received a $1,000,000 milestone payment from Akebia tied to the commencement of the 

 8 

 first human clinical trials. 

 Olinciguat (peripheral) 
 Cardiovascular diseases 
 Olinciguat is a vascular sGC stimulator 
 Cyclerion entered into an exclusive non-binding license option agreement in July 2024 but terminated it in 2025. Cyclerion is currently exploring potential license opportunities. 
 
 Research and Development Programs The following table presents the status of sGC stimulator assets that are either licensed or plan to be licensed or optioned to other entities: Akebia License Agreement On June 3, 2021, we entered into a License Agreement with Akebia (the “Akebia License Agreement”) relating to the exclusive worldwide license to Akebia of our rights to the development, manufacture, medical affairs and commercialization of pharmaceutical products containing the pharmaceutical compound known as praliciguat and other related products and forms thereof enumerated in the Akebia License Agreement. Pursuant to the Akebia License Agreement, Akebia will be responsible for all future research, development, regulatory, and commercialization activities for the out-licensed praliciguat products. In 2021, Akebia paid a $3.0 million upfront payment to us upon signing of the Akebia License Agreement. On December 13, 2024, we announced that Cyclerion and Akebia re-negotiated a mutually beneficial amendment to Akebia's exclusive license agreement for praliciguat, a systemic sGC stimulator. Under this new license amendment, we will receive $1.75 million in amendment payments, of which $1.25 million was paid in December 2024 and an additional payment of $0.5 million is due in September 2025. In addition, Akebia is responsible for all intellectual property expenses associated with praliciguat at an earlier date than as originally agreed between the parties. On December 1, 2025, Akebia publicly announced that it has recently initiated Phase 2 clinical trials for the treatment of focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (“FSGS”) using Praliciguat. Pursuant to the terms of amendment, upon initiation (defined as first patient dosed) of a Phase 2 clinical trial in the U.S. for a product, a $1.0 million development milestone payment would be due to us and this payment was received in February 2026. We are eligible to receive additional milestone cash payments of up to approximately $557.5 million in total related to potential future development, regulatory, and commercialization milestone payments for praliciguat. In exchange for a reduction in certain development milestone payments, we are eligible to receive certain higher-tiered sales-based royalties ranging from mid-single-digits to twenty percent. Unless earlier terminated, the Akebia License Agreement will expire on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis upon the expiration of the last royalty term, which ends upon the longest of (i) the expiration of the patents licensed under the Akebia License Agreement, (ii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for such product, and (iii) 10 years from first commercial sale of such product. Akebia may terminate the Akebia License Agreement in its entirety or only with respect to a particular licensed compound or product upon 180 days’ prior written notice to 9 

 Cyclerion, subject to certain obligations to license back to Cyclerion licensed compounds and candidates and related assets. The parties also have customary termination rights, subject to a cure period, in the event of the other party’s material breach of the Akebia License Agreement or in the event of certain additional circumstances. In January 2026, Akebia announced that the first patient was dosed in a Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating praliciguat for focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS), a rare kidney disease. The randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study is designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of praliciguat, an oral soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) stimulator, in approximately 60 adult patients. Cyclerion is not responsible for the conduct of this study, and there can be no assurance regarding the timing, outcome, or potential commercialization of praliciguat. Tisento Asset Purchase Agreement On May 11, 2023, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the “Asset Purchase Agreement”) with an investor group that included Peter Hecht (our former CEO), JW Celtics Investment Corp and JW Cycle Inc. which subsequently changed their names to Tisento Therapeutics Holdings Inc. (“Tisento Parent”) and Tisento Therapeutics Inc. (“Tisento”). Upon the closing in July 2023, following receipt of approval by the Cyclerion stockholders of the transactions contemplated by the Asset Purchase Agreement, we sold to Tisento certain assets (the “Transferred Assets”) and Tisento assumed certain liabilities relating thereto. In consideration for such sale and assumption, at the closing we received proceeds of $8.0 million as cash consideration, $2.4 million as reimbursement for certain operating expenses related to such assets for the period between signing and closing of the Asset Purchase Agreement, and shares of common stock of Tisento Parent comprising 10% of the then issued and outstanding equity securities of Tisento Parent immediately following such closing, subject to certain protections against future potential dilution. Under the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, we agreed not to compete with Tisento through July 2028 either alone or directly or indirectly with or through any affiliate or third party, initiate investigational new drug ("IND")-enabling preclinical development, develop, commercially manufacture, commercialize, or otherwise exploit any compound or product that is (A) a CNS-penetrant sGC stimulator, (B) developed for the treatment of a program indication, and (C) reasonably expected to compete with any compound or product in a purchased program for the treatment of a program indication (any such compound or product, a “Cyclerion Competing Product”) anywhere in the world, or (ii) license, convey, grant, or otherwise transfer any rights to any third party to initiate IND-enabling preclinical development, develop, commercially manufacture, commercialize, or otherwise exploit a Cyclerion Competing Product anywhere in the world. On January 27, 2025, Tisento Therapeutics announced that the first patient had been dosed in its global Phase 2b PRIZM study. The study is investigating the impact of once-daily oral zagociguat treatment on fatigue, cognitive impairment, and other key aspects of the rare mitochondrial disease MELAS (Mitochondrial Encephalomyopathy, Lactic Acidosis, and Stroke-like Episodes). In June 2025, Tisento announced that it had received from the U.S, FDA “Fast Track Designation” for MELAS, lactic acidosis and certain Stroke-like Episodes. PRIZM – a P hase 2b R andomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial I nvestigating Z agociguat in M ELAS – is evaluating the efficacy and safety of oral zagociguat 15 mg or 30 mg compared to placebo when administered once-daily for 12 weeks in participants with genetically and phenotypically defined MELAS. The PRIZM study has a crossover design, with two 12-week treatment periods separated by a 4-week washout period. All participants will receive zagociguat during one of the 12-week periods and placebo during the other. Participants who complete the study may be eligible for an open-label extension study. PRIZM is a global study that will enroll approximately 44 participants at mitochondrial disease centers of excellence in the U.S., Italy, Germany, United Kingdom, Australia, and Canada. See ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT06402123) for more information. In January 2026, Tisento announced completion of enrollment in the global Phase 2b PRIZM clinical trial evaluating oral zagociguat for the treatment of mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes (MELAS). The study enrolled approximately 43 participants, and Tisento has indicated that top-line results are expected in the fourth quarter of 2026. 10 

 Cyclerion does not control the conduct of this study and cannot provide assurance regarding its outcome or timing. Olinciguat Olinciguat is a Phase 2, orally administered, once-daily, vascular sGC stimulator. On July 22, 2024, we entered into an Option to License Agreement (the “Option Agreement”) with a third party (the “Optionee”), pursuant to which the Optionee had an option (the “Option”) to enter into an exclusive license to olinciguat for human therapeutics, subject to certain carveouts. Under the terms of the Option Agreement, the Optionee paid us an Option fee of $150,000 in August 2024 and subsequent fees totaling $80,000 to extend the term of the Option Agreement. The Optionee originally could exercise the Option on or before March 20, 2025, which option period was ultimately extended through August 22, 2025. Thereafter, the parties had an additional 60 days to negotiate the terms of a definitive license agreement. The parties were unable to agree upon the terms of a license agreement and we were provided notice on October 23, 2025 that the Optionee was terminating the Option Agreement. We are currently exploring potential license opportunities for olinciguat. Intellectual Property We protect the intellectual property and proprietary technology that we believe is important to our business, including by pursuing and maintaining U.S. and foreign patents that cover our product candidates and compositions, their methods of use and the processes for their preparation, as well as any other relevant inventions and improvements that are commercially important to the development of our business. We also rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. We expect to also rely on licenses for patented intellectual property owned by third parties. Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary protection for commercially important technology, inventions, improvements and know-how related to our business, defend and enforce our patents, preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets and operate without infringing the valid and enforceable patents and proprietary rights of third parties. We have 22 issued U.S. patents, 12 pending U.S. patents applications and numerous foreign patents and pending patent applications related to our sGC programs. Patent families are filed either as utility U.S. patents or under an international patent law treaty (PCT) that provides a unified procedure for filing a single initial patent application to seek patent protection for an invention simultaneously in each of the 158 contracting states, followed by the process of entering national phase, which requires a separate application in each of the member states in which national patent protection is sought. For our TRD strategy, we have licensed a patent application from MIT. We also hold an option to license certain technology owned by Medsteer, a leading technology provider of closed loop anesthesia delivery systems, under the Collaboration Agreement. The patent application licensed from MIT has not yet been granted. We intend to apply for certain U.S. and foreign patents related to our TRD product strategy. The technology underlying our sGC patents and pending patent applications has been developed by us and was not acquired from any in-licensing agreement. The intellectual property portfolios for our most advanced product candidates in the sGC space (praliciguat and olinciguat) are summarized below. Praliciguat Patent Portfolio Our praliciguat patent portfolio includes 14 U.S. issued patents, 9 pending U.S. patent applications, and numerous patents and pending patent applications in foreign jurisdiction. One of the U.S. patents, US 9,481,689, which will expire in 2034, is directed to praliciguat and pharmaceutical compositions thereof. The term of this U.S. patent may be eligible for patent term extension as described below. Three other U.S. patents, US 8,748,442, US 9,139,564, and 10,189,809, expire in 2031, and provide 11 

 generic coverage of praliciguat and intermediates used in the preparation of praliciguat, as well as compounds related to praliciguat, respectively. A fifth U.S. patent, US 10,183,021 will expire in 2034 and is directed to the treatment of resistant hypertension with praliciguat or combinations of praliciguat and known anti-hypertensives. A sixth U.S. patent, US 10,639,308 will expire in 2034 and is directed to the treatment of diabetic nephropathy with praliciguat or combinations of praliciguat with other agents. The seventh U.S. patent, US 10,927,136 covers phosphorus prodrugs of praliciguat and will expire in 2037. The eighth U.S. Patent, US 11,389,449, is directed to the treatment of metabolic syndrome with praliciguat and will expire in 2038. The ninth U.S. Patent, US 11,357,777, is directed to the treatment of a severe form of liver disease named nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) with praliciguat and other compounds and will expire in 2039. The tenth to fourteenth U.S. Patents, US 11,319,308 (expiring in 2039), US 11,773,089 (expiring in 2037), US 11,274,096 (expiring in 2039), US 11,708,361 (expiring in 2039) and US 12,275,724 (expiring in 2039) are directed to the syntheses of praliciguat or of intermediates useful in the manufacture of praliciguat. Two pending U.S. patent applications that, if issued, will expire in 2031 and 2034, respectively, provide generic coverage for praliciguat composition of matter. Two additional U.S. patent applications that, if issued, will expire in 2037 and 2039, respectively, provide coverage for methods of large-scale preparation of praliciguat. We also have a pending U.S. application directed to a praliciguat formulation, that, if issued, will expire in 2036. Another pending U.S. application is directed to phosphorous prodrugs of praliciguat and, if issued, will expire in 2037. Another of the U.S. pending applications is directed to methods of treating diabetic nephropathy with praliciguat, and if issued, will expire in 2040 or later. Another of the U.S. pending applications is directed to the use of certain sGC stimulators, including praliciguat for the treatment of HFpEF in post-menopausal women and, if issued, will expire in 2042. Furthermore, we have eight granted European patents expiring between 2031 and 2039. Each of these patents is validated in multiple countries or registered in multiple countries as a European Unitary Patent. We hold nine granted Japanese patents expiring between 2031 and 2040. We also have numerous p