Item 1A. Risk Factors. An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and the related notes thereto. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us and impair our business operations. The occurrence of any of the events or developments discussed in the risk factors below could have a material and adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and in such case, our future prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. If any of such events or developments were to happen, the trading price of our common stock could decline. Summary Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, as described below, that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. The principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our common stock risky include, among others: • any decline in consumer spending including due to negative impact from economic conditions; • our ability to maintain our brand image, engage new and existing customers and gain market share; • our ability to compete successfully; • our ability to attract, develop, motivate and maintain well-qualified associates; • systems interruptions that impair customer access to our sites or other performance failures in our technology infrastructure, including significant disruptions of or breach in security of information technology systems and violation of data privacy laws; • our dependence on a small number of suppliers, including international suppliers and those in developing countries, foreign manufacturing and imports; • our ability to successfully develop U.S. domestic manufacturing capabilities and achieve expected cost, capacity, and supply‑chain benefits; • the impact of increases in demand for, or the price of, raw materials used to manufacture our products; • our inability to manage our inventory levels and products, including the complexities created by our omni-channel operations, and sustain our Internet sales levels; • our ability to effectively market and launch our products and increase customer traffic; • our ability to successfully open and operate new showrooms and continue to achieve showroom growth rates that we have achieved in the past; • our ability to successfully adapt to consumer shopping preferences; • our ability to sustain profitability, and raise capital; • our ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; • the impact related to the restatement of our previously issued financial statements; 8 Table of Contents • our ability to accurately forecast our operating results and growth rate or manage our growth effectively; • our ability to protect our trademarks, brand image, or other intellectual property rights; • the impact of potential product recalls or product safety issues that could result in significant costs and damage to our brand; • unfavorable changes to government regulation, including of the Internet and ecommerce; and • failure to meet our publicly announced guidance. Business and Industry Risks If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. Our historical growth rates may not be sustainable or indicative of future growth. To manage our growth effectively, we must continue to implement our operational plans and strategies, acquire new and retain existing customers, increase our showroom base, optimize our omni-channel operations, and improve and expand our infrastructure of people and information systems. The success of our growth strategy depends, in part, on our ability to keep existing customers engaged and attract new customers to our brand. There is no guarantee that we will continue to be able to retain existing customers and drive customer acquisition rates necessary for us to maintain our current growth rate. Additionally, we may not be able to achieve the showroom sales growth rates that we have achieved historically as we continue to expand our showroom base. While our focus is to continue the expansion of our showrooms, this may result in the closure of underperforming showroom locations or locations with declining profitability in order to pursue more productive opportunities that are in line with our real estate strategy. In addition, the results of operations of our showroom locations have and are expected to continue to fluctuate based on, among others, consumer spending patterns, fashion trends, competition, current economic conditions, pricing, inflation, the timing of the release of new merchandise and promotional events, changes in our product assortment, the success of marketing programs, weather conditions and public health crises. These factors may cause our showroom sales results and growth rates in the future to be materially lower than recent periods or our expectations, which could harm our business and results of operations. Growing our business through our omni-channel operations is key to our growth strategy. Our goal is to offer our customers seamless access to our products across our channels, and our success depends on our ability to anticipate and implement innovations in sales and marketing strategies to appeal to existing and potential customers who increasingly rely on multiple channels, such as ecommerce, to meet their shopping needs. Failure to enhance our technology and marketing efforts to align with our customers’ developing shopping preferences could significantly impair our ability to meet our strategic business and financial goals. Additionally, the growth of our business places significant demands on our operations, as well as our management and other employees. The growth of our business may require significant additional resources to meet these daily requirements, which may not scale in a cost-effective manner or may negatively affect the quality of our sites and customer experience. We are also required to manage relationships with a growing number of suppliers, customers and other third parties across the world. Our information technology systems and our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support future growth of our supplier and employee base. Failure to manage our growth and organizational change effectively could lead us to over-invest or under-invest in technology and operations; result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, systems or controls; give rise to operational mistakes, losses or loss of productivity or business opportunities; reduce customer satisfaction; limit our ability to respond to competitive pressures; and result in loss of employees and reduced productivity of remaining employees. If we are unable to manage the growth of our organization effectively, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. Our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by global economic conditions and the effect of economic pressures and other business factors on discretionary consumer spending and consumer preferences. We face numerous business risks relating to macroeconomic factors. Uncertainties in global economic conditions that are beyond our control have in the past impacted discretionary consumer spending and our business and may in the future materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. Consumer purchases of discretionary items, including our products, generally decline during recessionary periods and other times when disposable income is lower. Factors impacting discretionary consumer spending include general economic conditions, inflation, 9 Table of Contents reduction in wages and discretionary income, levels of unemployment, consumer debt, reductions in net worth based on severe market declines, residential real estate and mortgage markets, taxation, regulations and new or increased tariffs, including retaliatory tariffs, export controls, volatility of fuel and energy prices, fluctuations in interest rates or currency exchange rates, consumer confidence, closure or restricted operating conditions for businesses, political and economic uncertainty, inclement weather, natural disasters, health epidemics or pandemics and other macroeconomic factors, including geopolitical conditions and regional conflicts. Deterioration in economic conditions, increasing inflation or increasing unemployment levels may reduce the level of discretionary consumer spending and inhibit consumers’ use of credit, which may adversely affect our sales. In recessionary periods and other periods where disposable income is adversely affected, we may have to increase the number of promotional sales or otherwise dispose of inventory we have previously paid to manufacture, which could further adversely affect our financial performance. A downturn in the economic environment can also lead to financial instability, increased credit and collectability risk on our receivables, the failure of important partners, including suppliers, manufacturers, logistics providers, and other financial institutions. It is difficult to predict when or for how long any of these conditions could affect our business and a prolonged economic downturn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. Our inability to maintain our brand image, engage new and existing customers and gain market share could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy and our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. Our ability to maintain our brand image and reputation is integral to our business and implementation of our growth strategy. Maintaining, promoting and growing our brand will depend largely on the success of our design, merchandising and marketing efforts and our ability to provide a consistent, high-quality product and customer experience. Our reputation could be jeopardized if we fail to maintain high standards for product quality and integrity and any negative publicity about these types of concerns, whether real or perceived, may reduce demand for our products. If customers do not have a satisfactory shopping experience, they may seek out alternative offerings from our competitors and may not return as a customer as often in the future, or at all. In addition, unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, our practices relating to privacy and data protection, product quality or availability, poor customer service, delivery problems, competitive pressures, litigation or regulatory activity, could seriously harm our reputation. A significant portion of our customers' brand experience also depends on third parties outside our control, including manufacturers, suppliers, assembly and installation service providers and logistics providers such as FedEx, UPS and other third-party delivery agents. If these third parties do not meet our or our customers' expectations, our brands may suffer irreparable damage. Additionally, our reputation could be damaged if we do not (or are perceived not to) act responsibly with respect to any social or sustainability matters, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. While we believe our brand enjoys a loyal customer base, the success of our growth strategy depends, in part, on our ability to keep existing customers engaged and attract new customers to our brand. We may not be able to maintain and enhance our brand if we receive unfavorable customer complaints, negative publicity or otherwise fail to live up to consumers' expectations. If we experience damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence, we may not be able to retain existing customers or acquire new customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. If we fail to acquire new customers, or fail to do so in a cost-effective manner, we may not be able to achieve revenue growth or profitability. To acquire new customers, we must appeal to prospects who have historically used other means of commerce to purchase furniture, such as traditional furniture retailers. We have made significant investments related to customer acquisition and expect to continue to spend significant amounts to acquire additional customers and to reactivate prior customers. To date, we have reached new customers primarily through our showroom presence in various markets, and through social media, digital content, third-party advocates for our brand and products, by word of mouth, and through national television advertisements. These efforts are expensive and may not result in the cost-effective acquisition of customers. Our marketing expenses have varied from period to period, and we expect this trend to continue as we test new channels and refine our marketing strategies. There is no guarantee that these methods will continue to be successful or will drive customer acquisition rates necessary for us to achieve revenue growth or profitability. We also utilize non-paid advertising. Our non-paid advertising efforts include search engine optimization, non-paid social media, mobile "push" notifications and email. We obtain a significant amount of traffic via search engines and, therefore, rely on search engines such as Google. We employ search engine optimization and search engine marketing strategies, and our ability to maintain and increase the number of visitors directed to our website and application is not entirely within our control. Search engines frequently update and change the logic that determines the placement and display of results of a user's search, such that the purchased or algorithmic placement of links to our sites can be negatively affected. Moreover, a search engine could, for competitive or other purposes, alter its search algorithms or results, causing our sites to place 10 Table of Contents lower in search query results. A major search engine could change its algorithms in a manner that negatively affects our paid or non-paid search ranking, and competitive dynamics could impact the effectiveness of search engine marketing or search engine optimization. Furthermore, major search engines can and have shifted to artificial intelligence-generated search results, which may cause us to experience a significant decrease in traffic to our sites. Mobile “push” notifications and emails are also an important source of traffic to our sites. Regulatory changes could limit our ability to send such communications or impose additional requirements upon us in connection with sending such communications. Further, changes in how web and mail services block, organize and prioritize email may reduce the number of prospective customers who receive or open our emails. Our use of email and other messaging services to send communications to consumers may also result in legal claims against us, which may cause us increased expenses, and if successful might result in fines and orders with costly reporting and compliance obligations or might limit or prohibit our ability to send emails or other messages. We also obtain a significant amount of traffic via social networking websites or other channels used by our current and prospective customers. As e-commerce and social networking continue to rapidly evolve, we must continue to establish relationships with these channels and may be unable to develop or maintain these relationships on acceptable terms. If we are unable to cost-effectively drive traffic to our sites, our ability to acquire new customers, reactivate prior customers or retain our existing customers and our financial condition would suffer. Further, some of our new customers originate from word of mouth or other non-paid referrals from existing customers. If our efforts to satisfy our existing customers are not successful, we may not be able to acquire new customers or reactivate prior customers through these referrals, which may adversely affect how we continue to grow our business, or may require us to incur significantly higher marketing expenses in order to acquire new customers. Our business is highly competitive. Competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. Our business is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors in different industries. We compete with furniture stores, big box retailers, department stores, specialty retailers and online furniture retailers and marketplaces. We expect competition in both retail stores and ecommerce to continue to increase. Our ability to compete successfully depends on many factors both within and beyond our control, including: • the size and composition of our customer base; • our selling and marketing efforts; • the quality, price, reliability and uniqueness of products we offer; • the convenience of the shopping experience that we provide; • our ability to distribute our products and manage our operations; and • our reputation and brand strength. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, larger fulfillment infrastructures, greater technological capabilities, faster and less costly shipping, more efficient distribution models, significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources and larger customer bases than we do. These factors may allow our competitors to, among other things, derive greater sales from their existing customer base, acquire customers at lower costs and respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in consumer habits. These competitors may engage in more extensive research and development efforts, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns and adopt more aggressive pricing policies. If we are unable to successfully compete, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects could be materially adversely affected. We have faced and may face price competition in the future. In addition, competitors with whom we compete, or who can obtain better pricing, more favorable contractual terms and conditions, or more favorable allocations of products during 11 Table of Contents periods of limited supply may be able to offer lower prices than we are able to offer. Our operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected by these and other industry-wide pricing pressures. We rely on the performance of members of management and highly skilled personnel. If we are unable to attract, develop, motivate and retain well-qualified associates, our business could be harmed. We believe our success has depended, and continues to depend, on the efforts and talents of Shawn Nelson, our founder, member of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer; Mary Fox, our President; Keith Siegner, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and other members of our management team. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled associates. The market for such associates in the cities in which we operate is competitive. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. The loss of any of our key associates, including members of our senior management team, could materially adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. Our inability to recruit and develop mid-level managers could have similar adverse effects on our ability to execute our business plan. Moreover, we believe that a key contributor to our success and our ability to retain highly skilled personnel has been our corporate culture, which we believe fosters innovation, teamwork, and a passion for our products and consumers. If we fail to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture globally, it could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain employees, continue to perform at current levels, or execute on our business strategy. Our officers and other key associates are employed at-will, meaning that they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry would be extremely difficult to replace. While others have employment agreements with stated terms, they could still leave our employ. If we do not succeed in retaining and motivating existing associates or attracting well-qualified associates, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects may be materially adversely affected. System interruptions that impair customer access to our sites or other performance failures in our technology infrastructure could damage our business, reputation and brand, and substantially harm our business and results of operations. The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our website, transaction processing systems and technology infrastructure are critical to our reputation, and our ability to acquire and retain customers and maintain adequate customer service levels. We currently rely on a variety of third-party service providers to support mission critical systems and the efficient flow of merchandise from and between warehouses and showrooms to customers and we cannot be sure that these third-party systems, services and support will continue to be available to us without interruption. For example, we rely on common carriers for the delivery of merchandise purchased by customers through our website and in our showrooms, and the systems we employ to communicate delivery schedules and update customers about order tracking interface with the information systems of these common carriers. Our own systems, which are customized versions of ecommerce, customer relationship management, payment processing, and inventory management software technologies deployed by numerous retailers and wholesalers in a variety of industries, must work seamlessly in order for information to flow correctly and update accurately across these systems. We and our third-party service providers have and may in the future experience periodic system interruptions from time to time. Any damage to our technology systems or website could cause interruptions to our operations that materially adversely affect our ability to meet customers' requirements, resulting in an adverse impact to our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, continued growth in our transaction volume, as well as surges in online traffic and orders associated with promotional activities and seasonal trends in our business, place additional demands on our technology platform and could cause or exacerbate slowdowns or interruptions. We have in the past and may in the future experience slowdowns or interruptions in some or all of our sites when we are updating them, and new technologies or infrastructures may not be fully integrated with existing systems on a timely basis, or at all. Additionally, periodically these systems and our website may need to be expanded, updated or upgraded as our business needs change. Our net revenue depends on the number of visitors who shop on our sites and the volume of orders we can handle. Unavailability of our sites or reduced order fulfillment performance would reduce the volume of goods sold and could also materially adversely affect consumer perception of our brand. Through third parties that underwrite customer risk, we offer financing options in order to increase the market demand for our products among customers who may not be able to buy them using cash. The systems of these third parties must work efficiently in order to give customers real-time credit availability. Changes in the risk underwriting or technologies of these 12 Table of Contents third parties may result in lower credit availability to our potential customers and therefore reduced sales. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could substantially harm our business and results of operations. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, whether through a breach of our computer system or otherwise, could severely hurt our business. Certain aspects of our business involve the receipt, storage and transmission of customers’ personal information and consumer preferences, as well as confidential information about our associates, our suppliers and our Company, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers and vendors. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of third parties with which we do business, have been subject to and may in the future be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism and theft, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events. In addition, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify these cybersecurity risks. An electronic security breach in our systems (or in the systems of third parties with which we do business) that results in the unauthorized release of individually identifiable information about customers or other sensitive data could occur and have a material adverse effect on our reputation, lead to substantial financial losses from remedial actions, and lead to a substantial loss of business and other liabilities, including possible punitive damages. In addition, as the regulatory environment relating to retailers and other companies’ obligation to protect such sensitive data becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs, and a material failure on our part to comply could subject us to fines, other regulatory sanctions and lawsuits. A substantial portion of our business is dependent on a small number of suppliers. In some instances, our suppliers are the only source of supply, or one of a limited number of suppliers, used by the Company for materials, components or services. A material disruption or labor shortage at any of our suppliers could impede our ability to meet customer demand, manufacture or deliver our products, and reduce our sales, and/or negatively affect our financial results. We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and therefore depend on third-party suppliers for the manufacturing of all of our products. Moreover, a substantial portion of our business is dependent on a small number of suppliers. Sacs are currently manufactured by one manufacturer in North Carolina, which has previously experienced, and may continue to experience in the future, disruptions to its manufacturing operations. Sactionals are currently manufactured by suppliers in Vietnam, Malaysia, China, Indonesia, Taiwan, and India. If our relationship with these suppliers or the suppliers' services are disrupted, terminated or otherwise negatively impacted, we could have difficulty or incur additional costs in replacing these suppliers. We rely on two primary logistics and transportation carriers to fulfill our last mile product delivery services. These carriers could be vulnerable to labor challenges, liquidity concerns, the impacts of global health conditions, or other factors that may result in delays in deliveries or increased costs of deliveries. Any significant delay in deliveries to our customers could cause increased order cancellations or returns and cause us to lose sales or incur increased costs. Delays in deliveries and increases in freight charges or other costs of deliveries has and could continue to harm our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition. Some of our third-party suppliers experienced a shortage of qualified labor at their manufacturing facilities in certain geographies, due in part to general macroeconomic factors. A prolonged shortage of qualified labor may result in disruption, delays in deliveries or increased costs of deliveries, which could decrease our third-party suppliers' ability to effectively produce and meet our demands and efficiently operate their facilities. A prolonged labor shortage could also lead to increased labor costs from higher overtime, the need to hire temporary help to meet demand and higher wages rates in order to attract and retain employees. Any of these developments or manufacturing disruptions could materially increase our sourcing costs and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Certain of our suppliers’ manufacturing facilities, and machines within an otherwise operational facility, have previously ceased temporarily, and could in the future cease, operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, which could materially and adversely impact our business, operations and financial condition. These events include but are not limited to: • equipment failure; • public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 13 Table of Contents • fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, or other natural disasters and climate-related events; • unscheduled maintenance outages; • utility and transportation infrastructure disruptions; • labor difficulties; • other operational problems; • war or terrorism; • political, social or economic instability, such as any conflict that may arise between China and Taiwan; or • financial instability or bankruptcy of any such supplier. Further, we rely on our suppliers' representations of product quality, safety and compliance with applicable laws and standards. If our suppliers or other vendors violate our agreements, applicable laws or regulations, or implement practices regarded as unethical, unsafe, or hazardous to the environment, it could damage our reputation and negatively affect our operating results. Further, concerns regarding the safety and quality of products provided by our suppliers could cause our customers to avoid purchasing those products from us, or avoid purchasing products from us altogether, even if the basis for the concern is outside our control. As such, any issue, or perceived issue, regarding the quality and safety of any items we sell, regardless of the cause, could adversely affect our brand, reputation, operations and financial results. We are also subject to risks of fraud from our suppliers. If our suppliers violate our agreements, applicable laws or regulations, or implement fraudulent practices regarding their products, it could harm our business, reputation and brands and our operating results may be negatively affected. We are subject to risks associated with our dependence on foreign manufacturing, suppliers and imports for our products. Our business highly depends on global trade, as well as trade and other factors that impact the specific countries where our vendors’ production facilities are located. Our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to maintain our existing foreign vendor relationships and to develop new ones based on the requirements of our business and any changes in trade dynamics that might dictate changes in the locations for sourcing of products. While we rely on long-term relationships with many of our vendors, we have no long-term contracts with them and generally transact business with them on an order-by-order basis. Our current suppliers operate manufacturing facilities located in Vietnam, Malaysia, China, Indonesia, Taiwan, and India. We are developing additional relationships with domestic manufacturing partners. Our reliance on international suppliers for the substantial majority of our products increases our risk of supply chain disruption. Events that have in the past and could in the future cause disruptions to our supply chain include but are not limited to, the imposition of additional trade laws or regulations; public health crises; the imposition of additional duties, tariffs and other charges on imports and exports; foreign currency fluctuations; theft; and restrictions on the transfer of funds. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could materially increase the cost and reduce or delay the supply of our products, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. Many of our imported products are subject to existing duties, tariffs, anti-dumping duties and quotas that may limit the quantity or affect the price of some types of goods that we import into the United States. The U.S. Government has also raised the possibility of other initiatives that may affect importation of goods including renegotiation of trade agreements with other countries and the introduction of new or increased import duties or tariffs with respect to products from a number of different countries. The U.S. has imposed or proposed the imposition of new tariffs on products imported into the U.S. from a number of countries, and could propose additional tariffs or increases to those already in place. A portion of our products have been affected by increased tariffs and may be subject to further increased tariffs. The possible implementation of a border tax or new or increased tariffs, or the uncertainty surrounding existing or invalidated tariffs and any related refund processes, could materially increase our cost of goods sold with respect to merchandise that we purchase from vendors who manufacture products outside the U.S., which could in turn require us to increase our prices and, in the event consumer demand declines as a result, negatively impact our results of operations. Furthermore, certain of our competitors may be better positioned than us to withstand or react to border taxes, tariffs or other restrictions on global trade and as a result, we may lose market share to such competitors. Due to broad uncertainty regarding the timing, content 14 Table of Contents and extent of any regulatory changes in the U.S. or abroad, we cannot predict the impact, if any, that these changes could have to our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also face uncertainty in the interpretation of new tariffs and their applicability, including with respect to customs valuation, product classification and country-of-origin determinations. Although we and our vendors seek to comply with applicable customs laws and regulations, the application of rules regarding new tariffs can be subject to varying interpretations or future re-interpretations. It is possible that U.S. Customs and Border Protection or other relevant authorities could, upon review or audit, disagree with the valuation, rules of origin or classification methods applied to certain merchandise. Any such disagreement could result in the retroactive assessment of additional duties with interest, the imposition of penalties, or other enforcement actions without the ability to mitigate such penalties, thereby adversely affecting our operations or financial results. In addition, recent events have resulted in substantial regulatory uncertainty regarding international trade and trade policy, both in the United States and abroad. For example, in February 2026, the Supreme Court of the U.S. issued a ruling striking down certain tariffs previously imposed under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (“IEEPA”). To preserve its rights to recover such duties, we filed a complaint and a protective action with the U.S. Court of International Trade seeking a full refund of all tariffs paid under the invalidated IEEPA authorities, but the ultimate availability, timing and amount of any potential refunds of these tariffs remain uncertain. Following the Supreme Court decision, the U.S. Administration announced a new 15% global tariff under Section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974, subject to certain carveouts. At this time we cannot reasonably estimate the total financial impact of this ruling, however it, and any additional tariffs, may materially affect our future results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, the availability of certain goods could be affected if suppliers choose to limit their exposure to U.S. markets in response to unfavorable trade policies, and we may be unable to source alternatives quickly enough to avoid interruptions in product supply. Further, these changes to tariffs or other rules related to cross border trade, could materially increase our cost of goods sold with respect to products that we purchase from vendors who manufacture products abroad, which could in turn require us to increase our prices and, in the event consumer demand declines as a result, negatively impact our financial performance. Certain of our competitors may be better positioned than us to withstand or react to these kinds of changes including border taxes, tariffs or other restrictions on global trade and as a result we may lose market share to such competitors. In addition, while we may be able to continue to expand and shift our sourcing options, such expansion is time consuming and would be difficult or impracticable for many products and may result in an increase in our manufacturing costs. Due to broad uncertainty regarding the timing, content and extent of any regulatory changes in the United States or abroad, we cannot predict the impact, if any, that these changes could have to our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our reliance on suppliers in developing countries increases our risk with respect to available manufacturing infrastructure, labor and employee relations, political and economic stability, corruption, and regulatory, environmental, health and safety compliance. Our reliance on suppliers in developing countries increases our risk with respect to infrastructure available to support manufacturing, labor and employee relations, political and economic stability, natural disasters, corruption, and regulatory, environmental, health and safety compliance. Any failure of our suppliers to comply with ethical sourcing standards or labor or other local laws in the country of manufacture, or the divergence of a supplier’s labor practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the United States, could disrupt the shipment of products, force us to locate alternative manufacturing sources, reduce demand for our products, damage our reputation and/or expose us to potential liability for their wrongdoings. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. We may not be able to achieve expected returns from additional investments in U.S. domestic manufacturing capabilities. We have commenced efforts to support supply chain redundancy in the United States for our Sactionals product line with goals to expand our production capabilities and de-risk our exposure to the volatile international trade landscape in a cost-neutral fashion. Our efforts to identify and on-board domestic manufacturing partners may not be successful in achieving these goals for a variety of reasons, including that labor costs in the U.S. generally exceed those of the countries from which we obtain products from our overseas manufacturing partners. As a result, it may be difficult to find manufacturing partners in the United States with capabilities and production capacity to permit us to develop this manufacturing channel on favorable terms. 15 Table of Contents Most of our products are shipped from our suppliers by ocean vessel. If a disruption occurs in the operation of ports through which our products are imported, we may incur increased costs and suffer delays, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. Most of our products are shipped from our suppliers by ocean vessel. If a disruption occurs in the operation of ports through which our products are imported, for instance, as a result of port congestion, adverse weather, terrorist attack, natural disasters or climate change, we may incur increased costs related to air freight or use of alternative ports. Shipping by air is significantly more expensive than shipping by ocean and our margins could be reduced. Shipping to alternative ports could also lead to delays in receipt of our products. We rely on third-party shipping companies to deliver our products to us. Our ability to efficiently ship products to customers has been and may be in the future negatively affected by factors beyond our and the shipping companies' control, which may include labor disputes, union organizing activity, supply chain issues, the closure of such shipping companies’ offices or a reduction in operational capacity due to an economic slowdown or the inability to sufficiently ramp up operational capacity during an economic recovery or upturn, health pandemics and epidemics, political instability, military conflict, increased fuel costs and costs associated with any regulations to address climate change, and other factors affecting the shipping industry’s capacity or ability to deliver our products to us. For example, ocean freight capacity issues increased during the COVID-19 pandemic which resulted in greater demand for shipping and reduced capacity and equipment, which resulted in increases in shipping container rates. As a result, our inventory levels were adversely impacted and resulted in elevated, and sometimes lengthy, customer backorders. Wh