Item 1. Business. When used in this report, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “Lovesac” and the “Company” mean The Lovesac Company. Company Overview We are a technology driven company that designs, manufactures and sells unique, high quality furniture derived through our proprietary Designed for Life® approach which results in products that are built to last a lifetime and designed to evolve as our customers’ lives do. Our current product offering is comprised of modular couches called Sactionals®, premium foam beanbag chairs called Sacs®, the immersive surround sound home theater system called StealthTech®, the PillowSac® Chair, the Sactionals Reclining Seat, a recently launched platform of premium seating called Snugg TM , and various accessories. Innovation is at the center of our design philosophy with all of our core products protected by a robust portfolio of utility and design patents. We market and sell our products through an omni-channel platform that includes direct-to-consumer touch points in the form of our own showrooms and online directly at www.lovesac.com. We believe that our ecommerce centric approach, coupled with our ability to deliver our large upholstered products through express couriers, is unique to the furniture industry. Product Overview Our products serve as a set of building blocks that can be rearranged, restyled and re-upholstered for any new setting or occasion, mitigating constant changes in fashion and style. They are built to last and evolve throughout a customer’s life. • Sactionals . Our Sactional product line currently represents a majority of our net sales. We believe our Sactionals platform is unlike competing products in its adaptability yet is comparable aesthetically to similarly priced premium couches and section als. Our Sactional products include a number of patented features relating to their geometry and modularity, coupling mechanisms and other features. Utilizing primarily two, standardized pieces, “seats” and “sides,” and approximately 200 high quality, tight-fitting cover options that are removable, washable, and changeable, customers can create numerous permutations of a sectional couch with minimal effort. Cu stomization is further enhanced with our specialty-shaped modular offerings, such as our wedge seat, angled sides and roll or swept arms. In September 2024, we launched the AnyTable ® , a versatile table that seamlessly enhances any Sactionals living space, and in November 2024, we launched the Sactionals Reclining Seat, an innovation that integrates advanced reclining technology and delivers unparalleled comfort and flexibility while maintaining the sleek, sophisticated aesthetic of our Sactionals. Our custom features and accessories can be added easily and quickly to a Sactional to meet endless design, style, storage and utility preferences, reflecting our Designed for Life philosophy. Sactionals are built to meet the highest durability and structural standards applicable to fixed couches. Sactionals are comprised of standardized units and we guarantee their compatibility over time, which we believe is a major pillar of their value proposition to the consumer. Our Sactionals represented 91.1%, 91.4% and 91.0% of our net sales for fiscal 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Our Sactionals StealthTech Sound + Charge product line complements our Sactionals as a unique innovation that features immersive surround sound by Harman Kardon and convenient wireless charging, all seamlessly embedded and hidden inside the adaptable Sactionals platform. The system includes two Sound + Charge Sides each with embedded front- and rear-firing Harman Kardon speakers, a Subwoofer that easily integrates into a Sactionals Seat Frame and a Center Channel, all working in unison to deliver captivating surround sound that is completely hidden from view. In May 2023, we introduced Satellite Subwoofers as an add-on to the Sound + Charge System. The Satellite Subwoofer is an upgrade to the existing StealthTech setup and enhances the bass and overall entertainment experience. In November 2024, we launched the StealthTech Charge Side, integrating wireless device charging into our Sactionals Sides without the need for our sound system. • Sacs . We believe that our Sacs product line is a category leader in oversized beanbags. The Sac product line offers 5 different sizes ranging from 32 pounds to 95 pounds with capacity to seat 3+ people on the larger model Sacs. Filled with Durafoam, a proprietary blend of shredded foam, Sacs provide serene comfort and guaranteed durability. Their removable covers are machine washable and may be easily replaced with a wide selection of cover offerings. In May 2024, we launched the PillowSac Chair, an accessory that elevates the style and comfort of our existing PillowSac. In October 2025, the Company launched the PillowSac Chair Jr., which delivers the same comfort and premium materials as the PillowSac Chair, scaled for smaller spaces. Our Sacs represented 6.1%, 7.2% and 7.4% of our net sales for fiscal 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively. 1 Table of Contents • Other . Our Other product line enhances the versatility of our Sacs and Sactionals, catering to the evolving demands and preferences of our customers. Our current offerings include Sactional-specific drink holders, Footsac blankets, decorative pillows, fitted seat tables, ottomans in various styles and finishes, and the unique Sactionals Power Hub. These products provide our customers with the flexibility to personalize their furnishings with both decorative and practical add-ons, ensuring they can adapt to meet changing style preferences. In May 2025, the Company launched Snugg (previously referred to as EverCouch™), a new platform of premium seating. Snugg combines the familiar shape of a sofa, loveseat, or chair with durable quality and flexible design. Similar to Lovesac’s Sactionals seating solution, Snugg includes washable fabrics, changeable covers, adaptable arm styles, and customizable fill. Snugg can be moved as a single unit like a traditional couch, or disassembled and reassembled for easier transport, providing comfortable seating and a versatile fit for a range of spaces. Sales Channels We offer our products through an omni-channel platform that provides a seamless and meaningful experience to our customers online and in-store. Our distribution strategy allows us to reach customers through three distinct, brand-enhancing channels. • Showrooms . We market and sell our products through 278 showroom locations strategically situated at top tier malls, lifestyle centers, and street locations in 45 states in the U.S. We carefully select what we believe are the best small-footprint showroom locations in high-end malls and lifestyle centers for our showrooms. Compared to traditional retailers, our showrooms require significantly less square footage because of our need to have only a few in-showroom sample configurations for display and our ability to stock our inventory for immediate sale. The architecture and layout of these showrooms are designed to communicate our brand personality and key product features. Our goal is to educate first-time customers, creating an environment where people can touch, feel, read, and understand the technology behind our products. Our showroom concept emphasizes our unique product platform and utilizes technology in more experiential ways to increase traffic and net sales. Net sales generated by this channel accounted for 67.1%, 62.6% and 62.5% of total net sales for fiscal 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively. • Ecommerce . Through our ecommerce channel, we believe we are able to significantly enhance the consumer shopping experience for home furnishings, driving deeper brand engagement and loyalty, while also realizing more favorable margins than our showroom locations. We believe our robust technological capabilities position us well to benefit from the growing consumer preference to transact at home and via mobile devices. Our net sales generated by this channel accounted for 27.6%, 28.8% and 28.5% of total net sales for fiscal 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively. • Other touchpoints . We augment our showrooms with other touchpoint strategies including online and in store pop-up-shops, shop-in-shops, barter inventory transactions, and the Loved by Lovesac program. ◦ In store and online pop-up-shops . We utilize in store pop-up-shops to increase the number of locations where customers can experience and purchase our products, a low cost alternative to drive brand awareness, in store net sales, and ecommerce net sales. These in store pop-up-shops are typically 10-day shows and are staffed similarly to our showrooms with associates trained to demonstrate and sell our products and promote our brand. In fiscal 2026 and 2025, we operated 689 and 601 in store pop-up-shops, respectively, and 14 and 9 online pop-ups on Costco.com, respectively. ◦ Shop-in-shops . Shop-in-shops are designed to be in permanent locations carrying the same digital technology of our showrooms and are also staffed with associates trained to demonstrate and sell our products. Shop-in-shops require less capital expenditure to open a productive space to drive brand awareness and touchpoint opportunities for demonstrating and selling our products. In June 2025, the Company discontinued its partnership with Best Buy, resulting in the closure of all remaining Best Buy shop-in-shop locations as of February 1, 2026. Prior to the discontinuation of the partnership, we operated 49 Best Buy shop-in-shops as of February 2, 2025. ◦ Barter inventory transactions . Our barter inventory transactions with a third party vendor are part of our Circular Operations ("CO"), Designed for Life, and Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") initiatives. CO is a way of doing business that is meant to reduce our footprint, while dramatically extending the life of products through more looped, localized, long-term, and sustainable practices, policies, and programs. Our barter inventory arrangement permits us from time to time to repurpose 2 Table of Contents returned open-box inventory in exchange for media credits, which are being used to support our advertising initiatives to create brand awareness and drive net sales growth. See Note 1. Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Financial Statements included in Part IV of this report for more information about our unused media credits as of February 1, 2026. ◦ Loved by Lovesac. In June 2025, we launched the Loved by Lovesac program which enables customers to purchase quality-assured, revitalized open-box products through our dedicated resale platform at www.lovedbylovesac.com. All items are inspected and verified for resale prior to listing. We believe this initiative aligns with our Designed for Life philosophy and supports our commitment to sustainability by extending the lifecycle of our products and reducing environmental impact. The Company has initiated a limited launch of Loved by Lovesac, which as of February 1, 2026, is available in 29 select states nationwide. Other net sales, which includes pop-up-shop sales, shop-in-shop sales, barter inventory transactions, and the Loved by Lovesac program, accounted for 5.3%, 8.6% and 9.0% of total net sales for fiscal 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Customers Our Designed for Life products provide flexibility, upgrade ability and sustainability, elements that attract a wide customer base and can change as their life changes. Our customers have different tastes, styles, purchasing goals and budgets when shopping for couches, and our Sactionals platform’s modularity addresses this array of needs. • Target Demographics. Based on our internal data, our target customer is 25 to 54 years in age with an annual household income of over $75,000. We consider this to be an attractive demographic because of its higher than average rates of household formation and furniture purchasing. • Customer Lifetime Value. We aim to maximize customer lifetime value for both new and existing customers by delivering a consistent brand message across our omni-channel platform, which we believe influences our customers’ buying decisions, and through our unique product offerings designed to evolve with our customers’ needs. We believe we have an opportunity to increase revenue and loyalty from new and existing customers, thereby extending customer lifetime value. We will continue to drive penetration of Sactionals and StealthTech, and invest in product development to enhance customer experience and drive sales of additional products to existing customers. We believe we are well positioned in the market and there is significant room to expand our customer base and convert them into active, lifetime customers. Growth Strategies To position Lovesac for future growth, in the last several years we have made significant investments in overhead, optimized and integrated our business technologies and processes, and further developed our marketing strategies. In addition, we have refocused our strategy regarding our showrooms, moving across malls, lifestyle centers, strip malls, and pad sites and continue to support ecommerce sales, a critical growth channel. We are moving to fixed versus variable rent structures in many of our lease arrangements, and our interactive technology driven showroom experience has resulted in higher traffic levels and conversion. We are also focused on the following key strategies to drive sales growth: Continue to Build on Our Brand We aggressively invest in brand building and direct marketing efforts through a robust and diverse marketing mix, with a focus on building the Lovesac and Sactional customer base. Our ecommerce channel plays a significant role in the shopper journey as it is frequently the first step in the shopping journey a prospect will take and our first opportunity to build our brand and educate on our product. We continue to invest into this digital channel to improve user experience, enhancing their research, understanding and confidence in their purchase decision. Our commitment to sustainability is central to our stated purpose and strategy. Our Designed For Life approach calls for products that are built to last a lifetime and designed to evolve with our customers’ lives. Sactionals represent our Designed For Life philosophy in action and customers generally invest in them with a long-term focus. We believe this is a competitive advantage and has helped us establish a unique brand and a successful culture. 3 Table of Contents Strategy on Innovation Innovation and test-and-learn are engrained within our Company, from product to operations to marketing and distribution. From inception, we have focused on developing unique, innovative and proprietary product platforms. We deploy a dual strategy that combines continuous research with product innovation. We are continuously expanding and introducing new extensions to these platforms to broaden the appeal, grow the addressable market of our product offerings and ultimately continue to grow and evolve with our customers’ needs. We continually evaluate new products to complement our Sactionals and Sac lines and are currently developing accessories for the tech-savvy consumer such as StealthTech Sound + Charge product line and related innovations. In fiscal year 2026, we launched a new platform of premium seating called Snugg, as well as the PillowSac Chair Jr. As we continue to grow our business and add additional showrooms in strategic locations across the United States, we seek the ability to service more customers locally with area-designated representatives who will shift their efforts between our showrooms and customers’ homes. Increase Sales and Operating Margins We seek to increase sales and operating margins through our premium market position and pricing strategy and omni-channel platform, which we believe will require relatively small near-term increases in fixed overhead. • Premium Market Position and Pricing . Our products are positioned in the premium couch segment of the furniture market. We market as premium products because of our proprietary foam fillings, higher quality materials, our unique Designed For Life design philosophy, and unique Circular Operations operating philosophy, requiring a distinct level of manufacturing and service capabilities. At our price point, we offer a unique value proposition that combines both beautiful aesthetics and utility to our customers that we believe our competitors cannot offer. The difference is explained by our platform approach, where once a customer buys their first couch, the cost of expanding and adding to it over time drives more value than the traditional method of purchasing another new couch to replace the old one. • Omni-channel Platform. By leveraging our omni-channel platform, we cost-effectively drive traffic to our ecommerce channel, resulting in increased web-based sales and improved operating margins. We continually seek to improve our ecommerce capabilities to drive sales, improve customer satisfaction score ("CSAT"), and take advantage of the lower cost of this channel. Our showrooms and other direct marketing efforts work in concert to drive customer conversion in ecommerce, providing customers with the flexibility to purchase where, when, and how they want. Customers have the capability to begin an order in the showroom, continue the purchase online, and vice versa. In addition, our shop-in-shops provide a low-cost alternative to drive brand awareness and both in-store and ecommerce sales. Supply Chain and Sourcing We manage a global supply chain of highly vetted and qualified, third-party manufacturing partners to produce our products. Our partners operate facilities located in Vietnam, Malaysia, China, Indonesia, Taiwan, India, and the United States. We do not currently own or operate any manufacturing facilities as we believe our partners’ facilities are sufficient to meet our current demand and will be able to meet any additional demand in the future. As previously announced, we expect to invest in additional domestic manufacturing capabilities to support supply chain redundancy for our Sactional products. Additionally, we work closely with our manufacturing partners regarding product quality and manufacturing process efficiency. To mitigate the concentration risk in our supply chain, we have and continue to pursue a higher diversification of manufacturing partners, with both sourcing, tariff, and geographical advantages. We expect that our efforts to onshore our sourcing of Sactionals will be cost-neutral after the initial ramp-up occurs. Logistics and Distribution We are able to efficiently distribute and ship our products to our customers. Due to the unique modularity of our Sactionals products, the compact design of our Snugg and the ability to shrink our Sacs, we are able to distribute our products through nationwide express couriers and efficiently utilize warehouse space and international shipping routes. We believe our Sactionals are the only product in its category that enjoys this logistical advantage. 4 Table of Contents Seasonality We experience seasonal fluctuations in our sales. A larger percentage of our sales occur in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, which coincides with Black Friday (the day after Thanksgiving, when retailers typically offer holiday discounts), the holiday season and our related promotional and marketing campaigns. Our total net sales for each of the fiscal 2026 quarters in sequential order equaled 19.8%, 23.0%, 21.5% and 35.7%, respectively. Intellectual Property We own 52 U.S. federal trademark registrations, 303 foreign trademark registrations, and a number of U.S. and foreign trademark applications and common law trademark rights. Some of our registered U.S. trademarks include registrations for Lovesac ® , Designed for Life ®, DFL®, Sactionals ® , SAC ® , StealthTech ®, Moviesac ® , Squattoman ® , Total Comfort ® , Footsac ® , The World’s Most Comfortable Seat ® , and The World’s Most Adaptable Couch ® . Our trademarks, if not abandoned, are scheduled to expire between calendar years 2026 and 2036. In order to maintain our U.S. trademark registrations, we must continue to use the marks in commerce on the goods and services identified in the registrations and must make required filings with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office at intervals specified by applicable statutes and regulations. Failure to comply with these requirements may result in abandonment or cancellation of the registrations. We have 55 issued U.S. utility patents and 85 issued foreign utility patents, that expire between 2035 and 2043. Our Sactional technology patents include our proprietary geometric modular system and segmented bi-coupling technology. Our StealthTech technology patents include our proprietary sound and entertainment system. We have patents covering the ornamental appearance of our product lines. We also have multiple patents pending and expect to file patent applications for future innovations. We believe that our patent portfolio, combined with our innovative design approach may deter others from attempting to imitate or replicate our products. Competition Our business is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. Retailers compete based on a variety of factors, including design, quality, price and customer service. Levels of competition and the ability of our competitors to attract customers through competitive pricing or other factors may impact our results of operations. Our competition includes furniture stores, big box retailers, department stores, specialty retailers and online furniture retailers and marketplaces. We believe our combination of proprietary products, brand strength, loyal customer base, omni-channel approach, technological platform, unique consumer experience, logistical advantages and seasoned management team allow us to compete effectively against and differentiate ourselves from the competition. Environmental Sustainability and Social Responsibility Our business is purpose driven, pursuing continued economic growth alongside environmental and social responsibility through innovative and lasting programs. We have incorporated social, environmental, health and safety procedures into our global manufacturing standards. Additionally, we are taking an enhanced inventory of our carbon footprint and constructing new operational processes to reduce waste throughout our value chain. Our social and environmental initiatives include but are not limited to the following: Social Responsibility Initiatives We aim to foster an inclusive culture where associates feel welcomed and valued, something we believe that will help associates reach their fullest talent potential and deliver remarkable results. Our Belonging at Lovesac initiatives focus on supporting associates, including focusing on the behaviors that will help mitigate bias throughout the employee experience to enable people of all identities and backgrounds to feel like they belong and do their best work. Furthermore, we offer continuous opportunities to learn new skills on the job and tools to develop meaningful careers. Associate development hours and engagement scores are regularly measured and reported with a goal to transparently share our progress in these areas each year. Extending our social commitments beyond our own operations and into the communities where we can make a difference, we have established a committee to expand future community giving programs known as Lovesac Gives Back. The program's mission is to support our ambition to become the most beloved home brand in America by giving back to the communities we serve. 5 Table of Contents Environmental Sustainability Initiatives Delivering innovative solutions to support a sustainable, low carbon future is anchored in our guiding principles. In fiscal 2022, we established new Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) targets to minimize our overall environmental impacts across a range of important measures, such as emission, energy use, waste, and sustainable sourcing. Each year, our internal ESG Committee, comprised of members of our leadership team, works to track and report on progress towards these ongoing commitments. By 2040, we plan to reach targets of zero waste and zero emissions across our entire value chain. We are also aiming to repurpose 1 billion plastic bottles in our products with fabrics made from recycled plastic fibers. Detailed information on these and other long-term environmental goals can be found in our fiscal year 2025 ESG Report. We monitor our sourcing facilities that manufacture Lovesac products for implementation of safe and ethical business practices in the areas of working hours, wages, benefits, forced labor, discrimination, and child labor. These facilities are also required to manage their environmental impacts, provide a safe and healthy environment in all workspaces, comply with all local wage and hour laws and regulations, and comply with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. Ethical and environmental practices are confirmed through agreements with our manufacturers to submit to third party auditing and authorized monitoring. We work to ensure our products are safe for our customers and their homes with strict safety standards and responsible use of chemicals. To achieve these standards, we strive for all of our products to meet or exceed performance requirements for product durability, safety, and consumer satisfaction through rigorous safety inspections. In December 2025, we published our fifth annual Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) report aligned with the guidance of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). We be