Item 1. Business Introduction AutoZone, Inc. (“AutoZone,” the “Company,” “we,” “our” or “us”) is a leading retailer and distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the Americas. We began operations in 1979 and at August 30, 2025, operated 6,627 stores in the United States (“U.S.”), 883 stores in Mexico and 147 stores in Brazil. Each store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light duty trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. At August 30, 2025, in 6,098 of our domestic stores as well as the vast majority of our stores in Mexico and Brazil, we had a commercial sales program that provides prompt delivery of parts and other products and commercial credit to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations, fleet owners and other accounts. We also sell automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products through www.autozone.com, and our commercial customers can make purchases through www.autozonepro.com. Additionally, we sell the ALLDATA brand of automotive diagnostic, repair, collision and shop management software through www.alldata.com. We also provide product information on our Duralast branded products through www.duralastparts.com. We do not derive revenue from automotive repair or installation services. Our websites and the information contained therein or linked thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this report. Human Capital Resources We believe the foundation of our success is our culture, which is deeply rooted in our Pledge and Values: Puts Customers First, Cares About People, Strives for Exceptional Performance, Energizes Others, Embraces Diversity and Helps Teams Succeed. Our Pledge and Values define how our employees (“AutoZoners”) take care of customers and fellow AutoZoners by fostering a strong, unique culture of teamwork and customer service. Each AutoZoner works hard to Live the Pledge, remain committed to our values, share their passion for WOW! Customer Service and Go the Extra Mile every day to continue building and growing AutoZone for our customers. We seek to be the employer of choice as we compete for talent in our retail stores, field supervision, distribution centers, and store support functions. We focus heavily on retention by offering competitive compensation and benefits packages, extensive training and development opportunities. As of August 30, 2025, we employed approximately 130,000 AutoZoners, approximately 60 percent of whom were employed full-time and the remaining 40 percent were employed part-time. Approximately 91 percent of our AutoZoners were employed in stores or in direct field supervision, approximately six percent in distribution centers and approximately three percent in store support and other functions. Included in the above numbers are approximately 19,000 AutoZoners employed in our international operations. We have never experienced any material labor disruption, do not have any collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. and believe that relations with our AutoZoners are good. Training & Development We have a number of different types of jobs and career opportunities. While many of our AutoZoners follow more traditional career paths (e.g., part-time to full-time sales, store manager, district manager, regional manager, vice president), we encourage cross-functional development and support of AutoZoners as they expand their careers into other departments and fields of interest within the Company. Many members of our senior leadership team have held positions in multiple areas of the business. We also invest in advanced leadership training to deepen our bench strength and support succession planning. For additional information, see “Store Personnel Training and Incentives” below. We believe these opportunities are important to attract, motivate and retain high quality AutoZoners. 4 
 Table of Contents Recognition The AutoZone Pledge and Values drive our success and foster a strong, unique culture of teamwork and customer service. We encourage the recognition of AutoZoners for a variety of accomplishments, such as going above and beyond to deliver Trustworthy Advice and WOW! Customer Service, taking initiative to prevent incidents and injuries, making contributions to help detect or report internal or external theft or providing significant service to help others. Whether they work in our stores, distribution centers, support centers or travel to support our customers and business, we believe AutoZoners everywhere should be recognized for their efforts and outstanding performance. We also recognize AutoZoners for their years of service to the organization and our customers. Health and Safety We are committed to providing a safe working and shopping environment for our AutoZoners and customers. Aligned with our values, we strive to continually monitor our working and shopping environment to keep our AutoZoners and customers as safe as possible. Additional information about our human capital resources can be found in our most recent Corporate Responsibility Report, which is available on our website. Our Corporate Responsibility Report is not, and will not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference into this or any of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). 5 
 Table of Contents Store Operations At August 30, 2025, our stores were in the following locations: Store Count Alabama 134 Alaska 8 Arizona 173 Arkansas 77 California 681 Colorado 104 Connecticut 59 Delaware 23 Florida 455 Georgia 229 Hawaii 13 Idaho 36 Illinois 251 Indiana 172 Iowa 40 Kansas 58 Kentucky 110 Louisiana 139 Maine 14 Maryland 103 Massachusetts 91 Michigan 225 Minnesota 69 Mississippi 102 Missouri 124 Montana 15 Nebraska 27 Nevada 75 New Hampshire 23 New Jersey 133 New Mexico 67 New York 233 North Carolina 247 North Dakota 8 Ohio 291 Oklahoma 93 Oregon 59 Pennsylvania 255 Puerto Rico 67 Rhode Island 20 Saint Thomas 2 South Carolina 110 South Dakota 10 Tennessee 189 Texas 736 Utah 74 Vermont 2 Virginia 160 Washington 102 Washington, DC 5 West Virginia 45 Wisconsin 80 Wyoming 9 Total Domestic stores 6,627 Mexico 883 Brazil 147 Total stores 7,657 6 
 Table of Contents Store Formats Substantially all stores are based on standard store formats, resulting in generally consistent appearance, merchandising and product mix with approximately 90% to 99% of each store’s square footage used as selling space. Most of our stores carry approximately 20,000 to 25,000 unique SKUs with 40% to 50% of the space dedicated to hard parts inventory. Hub stores carry approximately 40,000 to 50,000 unique SKUs and mega hub stores carry approximately 80,000 to 110,000 unique SKUs with 70% to 85% of their space utilized for hard parts. The hard parts inventory area is generally fronted by counters or pods that run the depth or length of the store, dividing the hard parts area from the remainder of the store. The remaining selling space contains displays of maintenance, accessories and non-automotive items. Stores are replenished primarily by the nearest distribution center but also typically have same-day access to one of our 367 domestic and 53 international hub stores’ expanded inventory assortment. As a subset of our domestic hub stores, we ended fiscal 2025 with 133 mega hub stores, an increase of 24 since the end of fiscal 2024. Additionally, we have eight mega hub stores in Mexico. Hub and mega hub stores work in concert with other stores to drive customer satisfaction through improved local parts availability and expanded product assortments. Store Personnel Training and Incentives We provide on-the-job training as well as formal training programs, including an annual national sales meeting with related cascading meetings at our distribution centers, regional offices and stores; store meetings on specific sales and product topics; standardized computer-based training to support culture, safety, salesmanship, compliance and product and job knowledge; and several specialist, vendor and third-party programs to support learning and development in areas requiring technical expertise and specific job knowledge. All domestic AutoZoners are encouraged to complete our in-house product knowledge program and Parts Expert certification, which is developed in partnership with our key suppliers. Training is supplemented with frequent store visits by management. Additionally, store managers, commercial sales managers and managers at various levels across the organization receive financial incentives through performance-based bonuses. Store Support Centers All store support functions are centralized in our store support centers located in Memphis, Tennessee; Monterrey, Mexico; Chihuahua, Mexico; Sao Paulo, Brazil; and Gurugram, India. We believe that this centralization enhances consistent execution of our merchandising and marketing strategies at the store level, while reducing expenses and cost of sales. In addition, we have offices in Shanghai, China and Istanbul, Turkey that provide sourcing or other support functions. Store Automation All of our stores have Z-net, our proprietary electronic catalog that enables our AutoZoners to efficiently look up the parts that our customers need and provide complete job solutions, advice and information for customer vehicles. Z-net provides parts information based on year, make, model and engine type of a vehicle and also tracks inventory availability at the store, at other nearby stores and through special order. The Z-net display screens are placed on the hard parts counter or pods, where both the AutoZoner and customer can view the screen. Our stores utilize our computerized proprietary Point-of-Sale System, which includes bar code scanning and point-of-sale data collection terminals. Our proprietary Store Management System provides administrative assistance, as well as enhanced merchandising information and improved inventory control. We believe the Point-of-Sale System also enhances customer service, while the Store Management System provides simplified warranty and product return procedures. Commercial Our commercial sales program operates in a highly fragmented market, and we are a leading distributor of automotive parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations, fleet owners and other accounts in the Americas. As part of our program, we offer prompt delivery to our customers and commercial credit, as well as online ordering through www.autozonepro.com or through the AutoZone Pro mobile application. Through our hub and mega hub stores, we offer a larger assortment than our satellite stores of parts and 7 
 Table of Contents products desired by professional technicians. We have dedicated sales teams focused on independent repair shops as well as national, regional and fleet commercial accounts. Store Development The following table reflects our store development during the past five fiscal years: Fiscal Year 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 Stores: Beginning 7,353 7,140 6,943 6,767 6,549 New 305 217 198 177 219 Closed 1 4 1 1 1 Net new 304 213 197 176 218 Relocated 9 6 12 13 12 Ending 7,657 7,353 7,140 6,943 6,767 We believe expansion opportunities exist in markets we do not currently serve, as well as in markets where we can achieve a larger presence. We undertake substantial research prior to entering new markets. The most important criteria for opening a new store are the projected future profitability and the ability to achieve our required investment hurdle rate. Key factors in selecting new site and market locations for stores include population, demographics, vehicle profile, customer buying trends, commercial businesses, number and strength of competitors’ stores and the cost of real estate. In reviewing the vehicle profile, we also consider the number of vehicles that are seven years old and older, or “our kind of vehicles;” these vehicles are generally no longer under the original manufacturers’ warranties and require more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles. We seek to open new stores in high visibility sites in high traffic locations within or contiguous to existing market areas and attempt to cluster development in markets in a relatively short period of time. We believe our stores are “destination stores,” generating their own traffic, therefore we situate most stores on major thoroughfares with easy access and good parking. In addition to continuing to lease or develop our own locations, we evaluate and may make strategic acquisitions. Marketing and Merchandising Strategy We are dedicated to providing customers with superior service and trustworthy advice as well as quality automotive parts and products at a great value in our conveniently located, well-designed stores and through our online platforms. Key elements of this strategy are: Customer Service Customer service is the most important element in our marketing and merchandising strategy, which is based upon consumer marketing research. We emphasize that our AutoZoners should always put customers first by providing prompt, courteous service and trustworthy advice. Our electronic parts catalog assists in the selection of parts as well as identifying any associated warranties offered by us or our vendors. In addition to our in-store offerings, we sell our full suite of automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive parts through www.autozone.com, for pick-up in store or to be shipped directly to a customer’s home or business, with same day or next day delivery programs in most of our U.S. markets. Additionally, we offer a mobile application that provides customers with store locations, driving directions, operating hours, product availability, the ability to purchase products and other information. We also provide access to specialty tools as one of our free services. Through our Loan-A-Tool program customers can borrow a specialty tool, such as a steering wheel puller, for which a do-it-yourself (“DIY”) customer or a repair shop would have little or no subsequent use beyond a single job. AutoZoners also provide free diagnostic and related services, including check engine and anti-lock braking system light readings through our AutoZone Fix Finder service, testing of starters, alternators and batteries, battery charging and the collection of used oil for recycling. 8 
 Table of Contents Merchandising The following tables show some of the types of products we sell by major category of items: Failure Maintenance Accessories A/C Compressors Batteries & Accessories Bearings Belts & Hoses Calipers Chassis Clutches CV Axles Engines Fuel Pumps Fuses Ignition Lighting Mufflers Radiators Starters & Alternators Thermostats Tire Repair Water Pumps Antifreeze & Windshield Washer Fluid Brake Drums, Rotors, Shoes & Pads Chemicals, including Brake & Power Steering Fluid, Oil & Fuel Additives Oil & Transmission Fluid Oil, Cabin, Air, Fuel & Transmission Filters Oxygen Sensors Paint & Accessories Refrigerant & Accessories Shock Absorbers & Struts Spark Plugs & Wires Windshield Wipers Air Fresheners Cell Phone Accessories Drinks & Snacks Floor Mats & Seat Covers Interior & Exterior Accessories Mirrors Performance Products Protectants & Cleaners Sealants & Adhesives Steering Wheel Covers Tools Towing Vehicle Entertainment Systems Wash & Wax We believe customer satisfaction is often impacted by our ability to promptly provide specific automotive products as requested. Each store carries the same basic products, but we tailor our hard parts inventory to the makes and models of the vehicles in each store’s trade area and tailor the remaining store’s assortment to the local demographics. Our hub and mega hub stores carry a larger assortment of products that are available to customers of the surrounding local stores. We are continuously updating the products we offer to ensure our inventory matches the products our customers need or desire. Pricing We want to be the value leader in our industry, by consistently providing quality merchandise at the right price, backed by a satisfactory warranty and outstanding customer service. For many of our products, we offer multiple value choices in a good/better/best assortment, with appropriate price and quality differences from the “good” products to the “better” and “best” products. A key differentiating component versus our competitors is our exclusive line of in-house brands, which includes Duralast and the family of Duralast brands, Econocraft, ProElite, ShopPro, SureBilt, TotalPro, TruGrade and Valucraft. We believe that our overall value compares favorably to that of our competitors. Brand Marketing: Marketing and Loyalty We believe that targeted advertising and promotions play important roles in succeeding in today’s environment. We are constantly working to understand our customers’ wants and needs so we can build long-lasting, loyal relationships. We utilize advertising, direct marketing, loyalty programs and promotions primarily to highlight our great value, the availability of high quality parts and develop a relationship with an expanding base of customers. Digital and broadcast media are our primary advertising methods of driving retail traffic, while we leverage a dedicated sales force and our ProVantage loyalty program to drive commercial sales. Store Design, Visual Merchandising and Promotional Execution We design and build stores for high visual impact. The typical store utilizes colorful exterior and interior signage, exposed beams and ductwork, finished floors and brightly lit interiors. Batteries, maintenance products, accessories and non-automotive items are attractively displayed for easy browsing by customers. In-store signage and special displays promote products on floor displays, end caps and shelves. We utilize in-store signage, creative product placement and promotions to help educate customers about products that they may need. 9 
 Table of Contents Purchasing and Supply Chain Merchandise is selected and purchased for all stores through our store support centers located in Memphis, Tennessee; Monterrey, Mexico; Chihuahua, Mexico; Sao Paulo, Brazil and Gurugram, India. Additionally, we have offices in Shanghai, China and Istanbul, Turkey to support our global sourcing efforts. In fiscal 2025, one class of similar products accounted for approximately 14 percent of our total revenues, and one individual vendor provided 13 percent of our total purchases. No other class of similar products accounted for 10 percent or more of our total revenues, and no other individual vendor provided more than 10 percent of our total purchases. We believe alternative sources of supply exist, at similar costs, for most types of product sold. Most of our merchandise flows through our distribution centers to our stores by our fleet of tractors and trailers or by third-party transportation firms. The distribution centers replenish our stores up to multiple times per week depending on store sales volumes. Competition The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive. AutoZone competes on the basis of customer service, including the knowledge and expertise of our AutoZoners and our ability to provide prompt delivery to commercial customers; merchandise quality, selection and availability; product warranty; store layouts, location and convenience; price; and the strength of our AutoZone brand name and quality, trademarks and service marks. Our competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, online automotive parts stores or marketplaces, wholesale distributors, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to discount and mass merchandise stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores and other retailers that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories and tools. Government Relations As a company with global operations, we are subject to the federal, state, and local laws and regulations, in the jurisdictions in which we operate, many of which are complex, frequently changing and subject to varying interpretations. These laws and regulations relate to, among other things, the marketing and sale of products; proper handling and disposal of hazardous materials, particularly in connection with our used oil, oil filter and battery recycling programs; occupational health and safety; environmental matters; labor and employment; employee wages and benefits; information security and data privacy; real property; financial reporting and disclosure; antitrust and fair competition; international trade and transportation, logistics and delivery operations. While compliance with the numerous laws and regulations applicable to our business, including environmental regulations, has not had a material adverse effect on capital expenditures, earnings or our competitive position to date, we can make no assurances as to the future costs of compliance. For more information, see the Risk Factors titled “Legal and Regulatory Risks” and “Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Risks” in “Part I. Item 1A, Risk Factors” in this report. Trademarks and Patents We regard our trademarks, service marks, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets and other intellectual property as critical to our success and important components of our marketing and merchandising strategies. We have registered several trademarks and service marks in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as well as in certain other countries, including without limitation: “AutoZone,” “AutoZone Rewards,” “Get in the Zone,” “Zone,” “Duralast,” “Econocraft,” “ProElite,” “ShopPro,” “SureBilt,” “TotalPro,” “TruGrade,” “Valucraft,” and “ALLDATA,” along with variations of these trademarks. Our trademark registrations have various expiration dates; however, assuming that the trademarks are properly maintained and in use, such registrations may typically be renewed indefinitely. 10 
 Table of Contents Seasonality Our business is somewhat seasonal in nature, with the highest sales typically occurring in the spring and summer months of February through September, and the lowest sales in the months of December and January. During short periods of time, a store’s sales can be affected by weather conditions. Extremely hot or extremely cold weather may enhance sales by causing parts to fail; thereby increasing sales of seasonal products. Mild or rainy weather tends to soften sales, as parts failure rates are lower in mild weather and elective maintenance is deferred during periods of rainy weather. Over the longer term, we believe the effects of weather balance out, as we have stores throughout the Americas. AutoZone Websites Our primary website is www.autozone.com. We make available on the Investor Relations section of our website, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, registration statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as soon as reasonably feasible after filing or furnishing such documents with the SEC. Our websites and the information contained therein or linked thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information about our Executive Officers The following list describes our executive officers, who are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The title of each executive officer includes the words “Customer Satisfaction” which reflects our commitment to customer service. William C. Rhodes, III, 60—Executive Chairman, Customer Satisfaction William C. Rhodes, III was appointed Executive Chairman by the Board of Directors in January 2024 and has been Chairman since 2007. Prior to that, Mr. Rhodes served as AutoZone’s President and Chief Executive Officer, and a director since 2005. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Rhodes served in various capacities within the Company since 1994. Prior to 1994, Mr. Rhodes was a manager with Ernst & Young LLP. Philip B. Daniele III, 56—President and Chief Executive Officer, Customer Satisfaction Philip B. Daniele III was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and appointed to serve on the Board in January 2024. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Daniele was named CEO-Elect in June 2023. Prior to that, Mr. Daniele served as Executive Vice President – Merchandising, Marketing and Supply Chain from June 2021 to September 2023, Senior Vice President – Commercial from 2015 to 2021, Vice President – Commercial Support from 2013 to 2015 and Vice President – Merchandising from 2008 to 2013. Mr. Daniele was also a Divisional Vice President – Store Operations from 2005 to 2008. Prior to 2005, Mr. Daniele held several other key management positions with the Company. Jamere Jackson, 56—Chief Financial Officer, Customer Satisfaction Jamere Jackson was named Chief Financial Officer in September 2020 and, in that capacity, leads the Finance and Store Development teams . Prior to joining AutoZone, Mr. Jackson served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., a global rental company, from 2018 to 2020. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Jackson served as Chief Financial Officer of Nielsen Holdings plc, an information, data and measurement company. Prior to 2014, Mr. Jackson held a variety of leadership roles at General Electric Company, including Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of a division of General