ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including certain statements about our plans, strategies and prospects. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that such plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements include those set forth in this Risk Factors section. If any of the following risks, or other risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe to not be significant, develop into actual events, then our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially adversely affected. Operational Risks Because our business is concentrated in the life science and medical devices industries in Puerto Rico, the United States and Europe, any changes in those industries or in those markets could impair our ability to generate revenue and realize a profit. Since most of our business is performed in Puerto Rico, the United States and Europe, for pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device and chemical manufacturing companies, our ability to generate revenue and realize a profit could be impaired by factors impacting those markets. For example, changes in tax laws or regulatory, political or economic conditions, exposure to foreign exchange variations, high inflation levels or interest rates, which discourage businesses from operating in the markets we serve, which affect the need for services such as those provided by us, could impair our ability to generate revenue and realize a profit. Companies in the pharmaceutical and related industries for which we perform services are subject to economic pressures, which affect their global operations, and which may influence the decision to reduce or increase the scope of their operations in the markets we serve. These companies consider a wide range of factors in making such a decision, and may be influenced by a need to consolidate operations, to reduce expenses, to increase their business in geographical regions where there are large customer bases, tax, regulatory, economic and political considerations and many other factors. We cannot assure you that our customers and potential customers will not make extensive reductions or terminate their operations in the markets we serve, and/or our operations may be adversely affected by: changes in tax legislation, foreign exchange variations, high inflation levels or interest rates, which could significantly impair our ability to generate revenue and realize a profit. 6 Table of Contents Puerto Rico’s economy, including its governmental budgetary constraints, declining population growth, and the impact of hurricanes or any other natural disasters, including earthquakes, may affect the willingness of businesses to commence or expand operations in Puerto Rico, or may also consider closing operations located in Puerto Rico. As a result of Puerto Rico’s governmental budgetary constraints being imposed by the Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico under the Puerto Rico Management and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA), the declining population growth, and the impacts of hurricanes or other natural disasters, including earthquakes, businesses may be reluctant to establish or expand their operations in Puerto Rico, or might consider closing operations currently in Puerto Rico. Also, the damage resulting from the hurricanes or other natural disasters to the operating conditions of our clients, and insufficient federal recovery and rebuilding assistance may cause lasting and severe damage to the island’s economic base. Furthermore, since Puerto Rico’s economy is petroleum-based, the fluctuating price of oil, combined with Puerto Rico’s debt, and a weak energy infrastructure, may make Puerto Rico a less attractive place to expand existing operations or commence new business activities. In the event that companies in the pharmaceutical and related industries decide not to commence new operations or not to expand their existing operations in Puerto Rico, or consider closing operations in Puerto Rico, the demand for our services could be negatively affected. Because our business is dependent upon a small number of clients, the loss of a major client could impair our ability to operate profitably. Our business is currently and has historically been dependent upon a small number of clients. During the years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024, a small number of clients accounted for a disproportionately large percentage of our revenue. In the years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024, three customers accounted for, in aggregate, approximately 43.5% and 44.2% of total revenue, respectively. The loss of, or significant reduction in the scope of work performed for, or any significant change in the financial terms related to, any major customer could impair our ability to operate profitably. We cannot assure that we will not sustain significant decreases in revenue from our major customers or that we will be able to replace any major customers or the resulting decline in revenue. The collectability of our accounts receivable may be subject to our customers’ operations and funding sources. If our customers’ cash flow, working capital, financial conditions or results of operations deteriorate, they may be unable to pay the accounts receivable owed to us promptly or at all. If a major customer experiences, or a significant number of customers experience, financial difficulties, the effect on us could be material and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Customer procurement and sourcing practices intended to reduce costs could have an adverse effect on our margins and profitability. To reduce their costs, many of our customers are establishing or extending the scope of their procurement departments to include consulting and project management services, such as ours. As a result, we have less interaction with the end user of our services (typically labs or production units) when bidding on a project, which we believe decreases the focus on the quality of service provided and increases the emphasis on the cost of the service. This may cause us to lower the price of our bids, which would reduce the margins in a given project. Also, some customers have established vendor management programs with third parties (some of whom are also our competitors). Because these vendor management programs may receive a percentage of our fees, without a corresponding increase in the fee itself, our margins may be adversely affected. In addition, where a vendor management program is a competitor for a particular service we provide, we may have difficulty securing that particular project, which would adversely impact revenue. Some of these vendor neutral programs are intended to limit our interaction with our direct end user, and our interaction is limited to the representative of the vendor neutral agency. This limitation impairs our ability to establish and maintain our relationships with our customers and recognition of the value added to the service. We may be unable to pass on increased labor costs to our clients. The principal components of our cost of revenues are employee compensation (salaries, wages, taxes and benefits), independent contractors’ fees and expenses relating to the performance of the services we provide. We face increasing labor costs which we seek to pass on to our customers through increases in our rates. To remain competitive, we may not be able to pass these increased costs on to our clients, and, to the extent that we are not able to pass these increased costs on to our clients, our operating margin may be reduced. Consolidation in the pharmaceutical industry may have a harmful effect on our business. In the past, the pharmaceutical industry has undergone consolidation and may undergo further substantial consolidation which may reduce the number of our existing and potential customers. Consolidation in the pharmaceutical industry may have a harmful effect on our business and our ability to maintain and replace customers. 7 Table of Contents We may be held liable for the actions of our employees or contractors when on assignment. We may be exposed to liability for actions taken by our employees or contractors while on assignment, such as damage caused by their errors, misuse of client proprietary information or theft of client property. Due to the nature of our assignments, we cannot assure you that we will not be exposed to liability as a result of our employees or contractors being on assignment. Furthermore, our reputation may be damaged and our ability to generate business may be affected. To the extent that we perform services pursuant to fixed-price or incentive-based contracts, our cost of services may exceed our revenue on the contract. Some of our revenue is derived from fixed-price contracts. Our costs of services may exceed the revenue from these contracts if we do not accurately estimate the time and complexity of an engagement. Further, we are seeking contracts by which our compensation is based on specified performance objectives, such as the realization of cost savings, quality improvements or other performance objectives. Our failure to achieve these objectives would reduce our revenue and could impair our ability to operate profitably. Our profit margin is largely a function of the rates we are able to charge and collect for our services and the utilization rate of our consultants. Accordingly, if we are not able to maintain our pricing for our services or an appropriate utilization rate for our consultants without corresponding cost reductions, our profit margin and profitability will suffer. The rates we are able to charge for our services are affected by a number of factors, including: ● Our clients’ perception of our ability to add value through our services; ● Our ability to complete projects on time; ● Pricing policies of competitors; ● Our ability to accurately estimate, attain and sustain engagement revenues, margins and cash flows over increasingly longer contract periods; and ● General economic and political conditions. Our utilization rates are also affected by a number of factors, including: ● Our ability to shift employees and contractors from completed projects to new engagements; and ● Our ability to manage the attrition of our employees and contractors. Because most of our contracts may be terminated on little or no advance notice, our failure to maintain or generate new business could impair our ability to operate profitably. Most of our contracts can be terminated by our clients with little or no advance notice. Our clients typically retain us on a non-exclusive, engagement-by-engagement basis, and the client may terminate, cancel or delay any engagement or the project for which we are engaged, at any time and on no advance notice. As a result, the termination, cancellation, expiration or delay of contracts could have a significant impact on our ability to operate profitably. Because of the competitive nature of the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device and chemical manufacturing consulting market, we may not be able to compete effectively if we cannot efficiently respond to changes in the structure of the market and developments in technology. Because of consolidations in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device and chemical manufacturing consulting business, we are faced with an increasing number of larger companies that offer a wider range of services and have better access to capital than us. We believe that larger and better-capitalized competitors have enhanced abilities to compete for both clients and skilled consultants. In addition, one or more of our competitors may develop and implement methodologies that result in superior productivity and price reductions without adversely affecting their profit margins. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to compete effectively in an increasingly competitive market. 8 Table of Contents Because we are dependent upon our management and technical personnel, our ability to develop our business may be impaired if we are not able to engage skilled personnel. Our future success will depend in part upon our ability to attract and retain qualified management and technical personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we compete for qualified personnel with numerous other employers, including consulting firms, some of which have greater resources than we have, as well as pharmaceutical companies, most of which have significantly greater financial and other resources than we do. We may experience increased costs to retain and attract skilled employees. Our failure to attract additional personnel or to retain the services of key personnel and independent contractors could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate profitably. Our cash could be adversely affected if the financial institutions in which we hold our cash fail. The Company maintains domestic cash deposits in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") insured banks and in money market obligation trusts registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The domestic bank deposit balances may exceed the FDIC insurance limits. In the foreign markets we serve, we also maintain cash deposits in foreign banks, some of which are not insured or partially insured by the FDIC or other similar agency. These balances could be impacted if one or more of the financial institutions in which we deposit monies fails or is subject to other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets. We can provide no assurance that access to our invested cash will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial and credit markets. We may be harmed if we do not penetrate markets and expand our current business operations. If we fail to further penetrate target markets, or to successfully expand our business into new markets, the growth in sales of our services, along with our operating results, could be materially adversely impacted. A key element of our growth strategy may be to grow our business through acquisitions. Acquisitions involve many different risks, including (1) the ability to finance acquisitions, either with cash, debt, or equity issuances; (2) the ability to integrate acquisitions; (3) the ability to realize anticipated benefits of the acquisitions; (4) the potential to incur unexpected costs, expenses, or liabilities; and (5) the diversion of management’s attention and Company resources. Many of our competitors may also compete with us for acquisition candidates, which can increase the price of acquisitions and reduce the number of available acquisition candidates. We cannot provide any assurance that efforts to increase market penetration in our core markets and existing geographic markets will be successful. Our failure to penetrate markets and grow our current business operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. Disruptions in our information technology systems could adversely affect our business and the results of operations. If these systems fail or become unavailable for any period of time this could limit our ability to effectively monitor and control our operations and adversely affect our operations. Additionally, a breach or an alleged breach of our information technology systems could subject us to liability or reputational damage. Our information technology systems facilitate our ability to transact business, monitor and control our operations and adjust to changing market conditions. Any disruption in our information technology systems or the failure of these systems to operate as expected could, depending on the magnitude of the problem, adversely affect our operating results by limiting our capacity to effectively transact business, monitor and control our operations and adjust to changing market conditions in a timely manner. In addition, because of recent advances in technology and well-known efforts on the part of computer hackers and cyber-terrorists to breach data security systems, we may face cyber threats and/or attacks which may lead to the potential risk of failure to detect such breaches or adequately protect critical corporate, customer and employee data, which, if released, could adversely impact our customer relationships, our reputation, and even violate privacy laws. There can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our data and information technology systems will prevent breaches in our systems (or that of our third-party providers) that could adversely affect our business and result in financial and reputational harm to us, theft of trade secrets and other proprietary information, legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties. Despite the implementation of our cybersecurity processes, our security measures cannot guarantee that a significant cybersecurity attack will not occur. There can also be no guarantee that our policies and procedures under our cybersecurity risk management program will be properly followed in every instance or that those policies and procedures will be effective. While we devote resources to our security measures designed to protect our systems and information, we cannot guarantee the security measures are infallible. 9 Table of Contents Regulatory Risks Because the pharmaceutical industry is subject to government regulations, changes in government regulations relating to this industry may affect the need for our services. Because government regulations affect all aspects of the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device and chemical manufacturing industries, including regulations relating to the testing and manufacturing of pharmaceutical products and the disposal of materials which are or may be considered toxic, any change in government regulations could have a profound effect upon not only these companies but companies, such as ours, that provide services to these industries. If we are not able to adapt and provide necessary services to meet the requirements of these companies in response to changes in government regulations, our ability to generate business may be impaired. The prices of prescription pharmaceuticals in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions are subject to considerable legislative and executive actions and could impact the prices of our customers products. The prices of prescription pharmaceuticals have been the subject of considerable discussion in the U.S. There have been several U.S. congressional inquiries, proposed and enacted state and federal legislation, as well as agreements between the U.S. government and major pharmaceutical companies designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to pharmaceutical pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reduce the costs of pharmaceuticals. In the European Union, similar political, economic, and regulatory developments may affect our customers’ ability to profitably commercialize their products. These factors could affect our customers’ willingness and level of services required to us; this may have an unfavorable impact on our business financial condition and results of operations. Changes in tax laws in the United States, Puerto Rico or in other jurisdictions where we do business may adversely impact the willingness of our customers to continue or to expand their operations where we do business and may also impact our tax business model. As a result of the continued changes in tax laws in the United States, Puerto Rico or other jurisdictions where we do business, the tax business model of various US or foreign companies and their subsidiaries, doing business in Puerto Rico and other foreign jurisdictions may be affected, making them a less attractive investment. For example, on July 4, 2025, Public Law 119-21, commonly known as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act of 2025 (“OBBBA”), was enacted and changed the Global Intangible Lo-Tax Income (“GILTI”) provisions that were part of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”). OBBBA renames the GILTI provision to “net CFC tested income” and increases the effective tax rate on net CFC tested income from 10.5% to approximately 12.6%. In addition, OBBBA includes some limitations on foreign tax credits, if any, to be used against net CFC tested income. Consequently, this may affect the willingness of such companies to continue, expand and/or bring new operations to jurisdictions where we do business, which may impair our ability to generate business in those markets, and may also impact our tax business model. Changes to trade regulation, quotas, duties or tariffs, caused by the changing U.S. and geopolitical environments or otherwise, may materially adversely affect customer demand for our services. The United States has recently enacted and/or proposed to enact significant new tariffs on goods imported from numerous countries, including those where we do business. Federal agencies have been directed to further evaluate key aspects of U.S. trade policy and there has been ongoing discussion and commentary regarding potential significant changes to U.S. trade policies, treaties and tariffs. There continues to exist significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the U.S. and other countries with respect to such trade policies, treaties and tariffs. Furthermore, because of policy changes and government proposals, there may be greater restrictions and economic disincentives on international trade in general. The new tariffs and other changes in U.S. trade policy could trigger retaliatory actions by affected countries, and foreign governments have instituted or are considering imposing trade sanctions on U.S. goods. Such changes have the potential to adversely impact the U.S. economy or sectors thereof, including the industry and countries we serve, and as a result, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to renegotiate the term of the tax grant issued by the Puerto Rico Industrial Development Company (“PRIDCO”) we may incur increased tax payments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. The Company held a tax grant issued by PRIDCO, which provides relief on various Puerto Rico taxes, including income tax, with certain limitations, for most of the activities carried on within Puerto Rico, including those that are for services to parties located outside of Puerto Rico. The grant was effective as of November 1, 2009, and covered a fifteen-year period, ending on October 31, 2024. Under the provisions of Puerto Rico Acts 60-2019 and 73-2008, we have requested the renegotiation of the grant from PRIDCO for an additional term of fifteen years. As of the date of this filing, we have not received from PRIDCO a status for this request. If we are unable to renegotiate the term of the grant, in the future we may incur increased tax payments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. Intellectual Property Risks Since our business is dependent upon the development and enhancement of patented pharmaceutical products or processes by our clients, the failure of our clients to obtain and maintain patents could impair our ability to operate profitably. Companies in the pharmaceutical industry are highly dependent on their ability to obtain and maintain patents for their products or processes. The inability by our clients to obtain new patents and the expiration of active patents may reduce the need for our services and thereby impair our ability to operate profitably. If we are unable to protect our clients’ intellectual property, our ability to generate business will be impaired. Our services either require us to develop intellectual property for clients or provide our personnel with access to our clients’ intellectual property. Because of the highly competitive nature of the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device and chemical manufacturing industries and the sensitivity of our clients’ intellectual property rights, our ability to generate business would be impaired if we fail to protect those rights. Although our employees and contractors are required to sign non-disclosure agreements, any disclosure of a client’s intellectual property by an employee or contractor may subject us to litigation and may impair our ability to generate business either from the affected client or other potential clients. In addition, we are required to enter into confidentiality agreements and our failure to protect confidential information from our clients may impair our business relationship. 10 Table of Contents We may be subject to liability if our services or solutions for our clients infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. It is possible that in performing services for our clients, we may inadvertently infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. In such an event, the owner of the intellectual property may commence litigation seeking damages and an injunction against both us and our client, and the client may bring a claim against us. Any infringement litigation would be costly. Even if we prevail, we will incur significant expenses and our reputation could be hurt, which would affect our ability to generate business and the terms on which we would be engaged, if at all. Common Stock Risks Because there is a limited market in our common stock, stockholders may have difficulty in selling our common stock and our common stock may be subject to significant price swings. There is a limited market for our common stock. Since trading commenced in December 2006, there has been limited volume, and on some days there has been no trading in our common stock. Because of the limited market for our common stock, the purchase or sale of a relatively small number of shares may have an exaggerated effect on the market price for our common stock. We cannot assure stockholders that they will be able to sell common stock or, that if they are able to sell their shares, that they will be able to sell the shares in any significant quantity at the quoted price. Our revenues, operating results and profitability will vary from quarter to quarter, which may result in increased volatility of our stock price. Our quarterly revenues, operating results and profitability have varied in the past and are likely to vary significantly from quarter to quarter, making them difficult to predict. This may lead to volatility in our share price. The factors that are likely to cause these variations are: ● Number of workdays, holidays and vacations; ● The business decisions of clients regarding the use of our services; ● Periodic differences between clients estimated and actual levels of business activity associated with ongoing engagements, including the delay, reduction in scope and cancellation of projects; ● The stage of completion of existing projects and their termination; ● Our ability to move consultants quickly from completed projects to new engagements and our ability to replace completed contracts with new contracts with the same clients or other clients; ● The introduction of new services by us or our competitors; ● Changes in pricing policies by us or our competitors; ● Our ability to manage costs, including personnel compensation, support-services and severance costs; ● Acquisition and integration costs related to possible acquisitions of other businesses; ● Changes in estimates, accruals and payments of variable compensation to our employees or contractors; and ● Global economic and political conditions and related risks, including acts of terrorism. 11 Table of Contents We cannot guarantee that our Stock Repurchase Program will be fully implemented or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. On June 13, 2014, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the Company Stock Repurchase Program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to two million shares of its outstanding common stock (the “Stock Repurchase Program”). The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases is at the discretion of the Company, subject to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and related rules. As a result, there can be no guarantee around the timing or volume of our share repurchases. We intend to finance any stock repurchases through operating cash flow. There is no guarantee as to the number of shares that will be repurchased, and the Stock Repurchase Program may be extended, suspended or discontinued at any time without notice at our discretion, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our common stock. The Stock Repurchase Program could increase volatility in and affect the price of our common stock. The existence of our Stock Repurchase Program could also cause the price of our common stock to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our common stock. Additionally, repurchases under our Stock Repurchase Program will reduce our cash reserves. There can be no assurance that any share repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased such shares. Any failure to repurchase shares after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our reputation and investor confidence in us and may negatively impact our stock price. Although our Stock Repurchase Program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program’s effectiveness. The issuance of securities, whether in connection with an acquisition or otherwise, may result in significant dilution to our stockholders. If we are required to issue securities either as payment of all or a portion of the purchase price of an acquisition or in order to obtain financing for the acquisition or for other corporate purposes, such an issuance could result in dilution to our stockholders. The amount of such dilution will be dependent upon the terms on which we issue securities. The issuance of securities at a price which is less than the exercise price of outstanding warrants or the conversion price of securities could result in additional dilution if we are required to reduce the exercise price or conversion price of the then outstanding options or warrants or other convertible securities.