Item 1. Business In this document, please note the following: • references to “$” or “dollars” are to U.S. dollars, which is our reporting currency, unless otherwise stated; and references to “C$” are to Canadian dollars; • references to “eU 3 O 8 ” or “U 3 O 8 equivalent” mean radiometric equivalent U 3 O 8 ; • references as used herein, “Greenfield” mean a proposed trona mining and soda ash development project located on previously undeveloped lands or mineral interests where no commercial trona mining or soda ash production has previously occurred and for which significant exploration, technical evaluation, permitting, infrastructure development, construction and capital investment are required prior to the commencement of commercial production; • references to “GRR” mean gross revenue royalty, a form of royalty interest entitling the holder thereof to a share of the total revenue stream from the sale of production from a property, which may or may not include deductions. GRR may also be referred to as a “gross value royalty”, or GVR, a “gross proceeds royalty”, or GPR, or a “gross overriding royalty”, or “GORR”; • references to “ISR” mean in-situ recovery, a uranium extraction method; • references to “lbs” mean pounds; • references to “LOM” or “life of mine” mean the time in which, through the employment of the available capital, the ore reserves, or such reasonable extension of the ore reserves as conservative geological analysis may justify, will be extracted; • references to “Mlbs” mean million pounds; • references to “NPI” mean net profit interest, a form of royalty based on the profit realized after deducting costs related to production. NPI may also be referred to as “net proceeds royalties”, or NPR; • references to “NSR” mean net smelter returns royalty, a form of royalty based on the value of production or net proceeds received by the operator from a smelter or refinery; • references to “ppm” mean parts per million; • references to “PR” mean production royalty, a form of royalty based on metal produced, often at a predetermined fixed price; • references to “UF 6 ” mean uranium hexafluoride, a compound used in the uranium enrichment process; • references to “U 3 O 8 ” mean triuranium octoxide, commonly referred to as yellowcake, is the most common form of uranium concentrate; and • references to “V 2 O 5 ” mean vanadium pentoxide, often mined as a co-product of uranium. Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout this report may not add up precisely to totals we provide and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures. General URC We are a diversified royalty company with significant exposure to soda ash and uranium. Our portfolio of long-life, low-cost assets and diversified revenue streams provides exposure to uranium prices. Our primary focus is to identify, evaluate and make strategic investments in uranium and critical minerals interests, including royalties, streams, debt and equity investments in uranium companies, as well as through holdings of physical uranium. 
 5 

 Development of the Business Uranium Royalty Corp. was incorporated on May 1, 2026, pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law . Our principal executive office is located at 141 Union Blvd, Suite #310, Lakewood, CO 80228 with registered offices located at 100 Lakeland Ave., Dover, Kent County, Delaware 19901. The Company was formed to facilitate the combination of the approximately 92% direct and indirect interests (the “ Sweetwater Interests ”) of certain entities affiliated with Orion Resource Partners (USA) LP (collectively, “ Orion ”) and HRG Metals LP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan Board (“ HRG ” and, together with Orion, the “ Sweetwater Investors ”) in the Sweetwater Entities with Uranium Royalty Corp. (Canada) (the “ Arrangement ”) pursuant to the plan of arrangement of Uranium Royalty Corp. (Canada) under section 192 of the Canada Business Corporations Act (the “ Plan of Arrangement ”) and in accordance with the arrangement agreement dated April 16, 2026, among Uranium Royalty Corp. (Canada) and the Sweetwater Investors (the “ Arrangement Agreement ”). On the Effective Date, among other things, (i) the Company issued 223,252,749 shares of common stock, at a deemed value of US$3.64 per share, to the Sweetwater Investors in exchange for the Sweetwater Interests; (ii) each common share of Uranium Royalty Corp. (Canada), other than an Exchangeable Elected Share, was transferred to UROY CallCo ULC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (“ CallCo ”), in exchange for one share of common stock; (iii) each common share of Uranium Royalty Corp. (Canada) in respect of which a valid Exchangeable Share Election was made was transferred to UROY ExchangeCo Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of CallCo (“ ExchangeCo ”), in exchange for one exchangeable redeemable preferred share in the capital of ExchangeCo (“ Exchangeable Shares ”) and related ancillary rights; (iv) the Company issued one special voting share in the capital of the Company which, among other things, entitles the holder of record thereof to that number of votes at meetings of the Company equal to the number of Exchangeable Shares outstanding (the “ Special Voting Share ”) to Computershare Trust Company of Canada (the “ Trustee ”), to be held by the Trustee on behalf of the holders of Exchangeable Shares, and entered into a Voting and Exchange Trust Agreement with CallCo, ExchangeCo and the Trustee; and (v) each holder of outstanding and unexercised options to purchase common shares of Uranium Royalty Corp. (Canada) received a replacement option (the “ Replacement Options ”) to purchase our shares of common stock on an economically equivalent basis. The issuance of our shares of common stock and the Exchangeable Shares to the holders of common shares of Uranium Royalty Corp. (Canada) in exchange for their common shares of Uranium Royalty Corp. (Canada) pursuant to the Arrangement was not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), and such securities were issued in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 3(a)(10) thereof, the Supreme Court of British Columbia having approved the Plan of Arrangement as fair and reasonable to the holders of common shares of Uranium Royalty Corp. (Canada) at a hearing upon which the Final Order was granted. The issuance of our shares of common stock to the Sweetwater Investors in exchange for the Sweetwater Interests was not registered under the Securities Act, and such securities were issued in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) thereof. In connection with the Arrangement, our shares of common stock are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market and trade under the symbol “UROY.” As a result of the Arrangement, we became the successor issuer to Uranium Royalty Corp. (Canada) pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to Rule 12g-3(e) under the Exchange Act, our shares of common stock are deemed to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and we are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We hereby report this succession in accordance with Rule 12g-3(f) under the Exchange Act. Corporate Structure Our principal executive offices are located at 141 Union Blvd, Suite #310, Lakewood, CO 80228. Our website address is www.uraniumroyalty.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of this Annual Report. For a complete list of our subsidiaries, see Exhibit 21.1 to this Annual Report. 
 6 

 Our Operational Information Our operations principally consist of the acquisition and management of royalty interests. Royalties are non-operating interests in mining projects that provide the right to revenue or minerals produced from the project after deducting specified costs, if any. Additionally, we generate revenue from the buying and selling of physical uranium inventory, generate lease bonus revenue by leasing certain mineral interests to third-party operators, earn surface revenue from surface use leases and easement payments and earn annual rental revenue from land rental payments. As of April 30, 2026, we owned royalty interests relating to 4 production stage uranium properties and 20 exploration stage uranium properties, as well as 5 production stage trona mining operations and 2 exploration stage trona projects. Uranium royalty revenue was $0.15 million and $0.06 million for the years ended April 30, 2026 and 2025 respectively. Our Strategy To date, we have assembled a portfolio of royalty interests on uranium projects and physical uranium holdings, bolstered by cash flowing cornerstone soda ash royalty interests, and an expansive land package across Wyoming and Utah. We are one of the largest public company landowners in the United States (excluding real estate investment trusts) and one of the largest landowners in Wyoming with approximately 850,000 acres of fee surface rights. This acreage includes approximately 200,000 acres situated within the Known Sodium Leasing Area (“ KSLA ”) and an additional 650,000 fee surface acres. Furthermore, our portfolio includes approximately 4.5 million acres of mineral rights in fee. Our long-term strategy is to gain exposure to uranium prices by owning and managing a portfolio of geographically diversified uranium and critical mineral interests. Our primary focus is to identify, evaluate and make strategic investments in uranium and critical minerals interests, including royalties, streams, debt and equity investments in uranium companies, as well as through holdings of physical uranium. In executing our royalty strategy, we seek interests that provide us with direct exposure to uranium prices, without direct operating costs and concentrated risks that are associated with exploration, development and mining. Our strategy recognizes the inherent cyclicality of valuations based on uranium prices, including the impact of such cyclicality on the availability of capital within the uranium sector. We intend to execute on our strategy by leveraging the deep industry knowledge and expertise of our management team and our board of directors to identify and evaluate opportunities in the uranium industry. Such interests may be acquired by us directly from the owner or operator of a project or indirectly from third-party holders. We may also seek to acquire direct joint ventures or other interests in existing uranium projects, where such interests would provide us with exposure to a project as a non-operator or where we believe there is potential to convert such interests into royalties, streams or similar interests. In evaluating potential transactions, we utilize a disciplined approach to manage our fiscal profile. We also engage in purchases and sales of uranium inventories from time to time. Purchases are made where our management believes there is an opportunity to provide attractive commodity price exposure. Sales may occur from time to time based upon market conditions and our liquidity requirements. Purchases may be made pursuant to our existing option under our strategic arrangement with Yellow Cake plc (“ Yellow Cake ”) or by other means, including direct purchases from producers or market purchases. Uranium Uses The predominant use of uranium is as a fuel for nuclear power plants. Through the process of nuclear fission, the uranium isotope U-235 can undergo a nuclear reaction whereby its nucleus is split into smaller particles. This process releases significant amounts of energy, creating heat to generate steam to spin a turbine, and is the basis of power generation in the nuclear power industry. 
 7 

 Uranium has other commercial uses in the fields of medical diagnosis, agriculture, carbon dating and other industries. However, the volume of demand generated by these uses is very small compared to nuclear power generation. Uranium is also used as a feedstock for over 200 private nuclear reactors, which are operated for research purposes and the production of isotopes for commercial uses. Uranium is also the propulsion fuel source for nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, submarines and ice-breaking vessels. Uranium Market Developments The uranium market is being driven by macro demand for increased electricity generation, an unprecedented global push for clean energy, data center and AI development, geopolitical pressures and underinvestment among other factors. In its recent February 6, 2026 Electricity report, the International Energy Agency (“IEA”) reported electricity demand grew by 3% in 2025 and is expected to grow at a 3.6% annual rate through 2030. Nuclear generation set a record high and is projected to increase 2.8% per year through 2030. The report also noted that nuclear energy together with renewable energy sources will generate about half of all global electricity by 2030. IEA projects “global data center electricity consumption is projected to roughly double by 2030, rising from roughly 415–450 TWh in 2024–2025 to over 900–1,000 TWh by 2030.” ICF International Inc. in its September 2025 study, projected that electricity demand in the United States will see a 25% increase by 2030 and a nearly 80% increase by 2050. Countries around the globe are realizing that the highly reliable, clean, safe, economical power nuclear energy provides is a desirable attribute for a country’s baseload energy platform. An increasing number of governments have announced that they are pursuing strategies to increase energy independence for national security interests that dovetail well with nuclear power as a key component in their energy mix. In the United States, several pieces of bipartisan legislation have passed in recent years supporting nuclear energy development and expansion, including the Nuclear Fuel Security Act, the Advance Act, the Inflation Reduction Act, and the Big Beautiful Bill. In combination, these bills and other legislative efforts seek to encourage the restoration and rebuilding of a robust domestic fuel cycle in the United States. Consistent with the above noted Acts, in a recent bipartisan submittal, legislation labeled as the “Accelerating Reliable Capacity (ARC) Act of 2026” has been introduced in the Senate to speed up new advanced reactor development and provide federal backing for over-budget nuclear reactors. On May 23, 2025, President Trump signed Executive Orders (“ EOs ”) that include a policy objective to quadruple United States nuclear energy by 2050. These Executive Orders mark a historic level of policy support to rejuvenate the United States nuclear industry and its infrastructure, underscoring its importance as a matter of national security. The Executive Orders invoke the Defense Production Act and are intended to have significant positive policy and economic impacts on the domestic fuel cycle, reactor new builds, research and new technology advancements. Underscoring the EO directives, on October 28, 2025, announcements were made that the U.S. government had entered a strategic partnership encompassing at least $80 billion for the construction of new nuclear reactors using Westinghouse technology. To meet the goal of having 10 large reactors under construction by 2030, the U.S. Department of Energy (“ DOE ”) is in advanced talks to provide financing, specifically for long-lead time components like reactor vessels and steam generators to accelerate construction timelines. DOE’s Office of Energy Dominance Financing has nearly $290 billion in available funding that can be directed toward baseload energy, with nuclear power plants expected to be the largest recipient. Additionally, large technology companies like Nvidia, Microsoft, Meta, Google, Oracle and Amazon have announced significant nuclear energy commitments including that required for their data center energy demand with large investments in the clean, affordable and reliable power that nuclear energy provides. Global uranium market fundamentals have shown major improvement in recent years as this market began a transition from being inventory driven to production driven. The spot market bottomed out in November 2016 at about US $17.75 per pound of U 3 O 8 , but has since shown significant appreciation, reaching a high in 2024 of US $107.00 per pound of U 3 O 8. Since that time, the spot uranium market retraced some of the advance, reaching a low of US $63.45 per pound of U 3 O 8 on March 17, 2025. That low proved to be short-lived, and the uranium market has since rebounded, 
 8 

 reaching US $101.50 per pound of U 3 O 8 on January 29, 2026 in the U.S. Since that time, the market has experienced what appears as a shorter-term pullback and consolidation with trading in the US $86 to US $87 area at the end of April 2026. ( Source: UxC LLC Historical Ux Daily Prices ). During the three months ended April 30, 2026, uranium prices averaged US $86.37 per pound of U 3 O 8 representing a 6.9% increase compared to the average price of US $80.76 per pound of U 3 O 8 in the prior three-month period ended January 31, 2026. ( Source: UxC LLC Historical Ux Daily Prices ). Relative underinvestment in uranium mining operations has been evident for more than a decade and has been a major factor contributing to a structural deficit between global production and uranium requirements. Reduced production from existing uranium mines has also been a contributing factor, with some large producers cutting back and/or unable to reach previously planned production levels. From 2026 through 2028, the mid-case gap between production and requirements is projected to be about 65 million pounds of U 3 O 8 , and by 2036, the cumulative gap is projected to exceed 290 million pounds of U 3 O 8 ( Source: UxC 2026 Q1 Uranium Market Outlook ). For context, the United States commercial reactor fleet requirements were 50.6 million pounds of U 3 O 8 in 2024 ( Source: United States Energy Information Administration, September 30, 2025 - Uranium Marketing Annual Report – uranium loaded in fuel assemblies ). The current gap is being filled with secondary market sources, including finite inventory that has been declining and is projected to decline further in coming years. Secondary supply is also expected to be further reduced as western enrichers reverse operations from underfeeding to overfeeding, which requires more uranium to increase the production of enrichment services. As secondary supplies continue to diminish, and as existing mines deplete resources, new production will be needed to meet future demand. The timeline for many new mining projects can be 10 to 20 years and will require prices high enough to stimulate new mining investments. Since 2022, uranium supply has become more complicated due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, with its State Atomic Energy Corporation, Rosatom, being a significant supplier of nuclear fuel around the globe. Economic sanctions, transportation restrictions, U.S. legislation banning the importation of Russian nuclear fuel and the European Union’s goals to reduce and eventually eliminate its dependence on Russian fuel are causing a fundamental change to the nuclear fuel markets. As a result of the instability and assurance of supply risks, United States and European utilities are shifting supply focus to areas of low geopolitical risk. The United States Presidential Executive Order “Establishing The National Energy Dominance Council” stated one of its objectives is to “reduce dependency on foreign imports” for the United States’ “national security” and recognized uranium as an “amazing national asset” ( Source: The White House News & Update, February 14, 2025 ). As of November 7, 2025, uranium was added back into the U.S. Geological Survey list of Critical Minerals making it also subject to the Section 232 Investigation on Critical Minerals that was already underway. On January 14, 2026, Presidential Proclamation 11001 was issued – Adjusting Imports of Processed Critical Minerals and their Derivative Products (PCMDPs) into the United States . The Proclamation directs the U.S. Trade Representative and Department of Commerce to negotiate agreements with trading partners to secure supply chains and address import volumes. The Proclamation addresses the Section 232 investigation and states: “the Secretary recommended a range of actions, including actions to adjust the imports of PCMDPs so that such imports will not threaten to impair the national security.” While specific remedies are not yet defined, the actions could potentially lead to resumption of strategic uranium reserve purchases, establishment of import price floors, or other remedies. On April 23, 2026, the U.S. DOE Office of Nuclear Energy announced a new initiative to secure the nation’s nuclear fuel supply chain: “Through the Defense Production Act Nuclear Fuel Cycle Consortium, the federal government will work with the domestic nuclear industry to ensure that the United States continues to have enough nuclear fuel to power the current nuclear reactor fleet as well as future advanced reactors.” This is known as the “Nuclear Dominance 3 by 33” campaign to secure the nation’s nuclear fuel supply, and one possible outcome is funding and buildout of the strategic uranium reserve. On the demand side, the global nuclear energy industry continues robust growth, with 72 new reactors connected to the grid from 2015 through April 2026 and another 72 reactors under construction. ( Source: International Atomic Energy Association Power Reactor Information System – May 8, 2026 ). Total nuclear generating capacity for the world’s 438 operable reactors stands at 401 GW ( Source: World Nuclear Association (“WNA”) – April 20, 2026 data ). In March 2026, the WNA reported 38 countries have pledged to at least triple their nuclear capacity by 2050, further 
 9 

 supporting additional growth for the nuclear industry and uranium demand. In addition, over 140 nuclear industry companies, 16 of the world’s largest banks like Citibank, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs, and at least 15 large energy users such as Nvidia, Microsoft, Amazon and Google have all pledged to support this goal in their investments and commercial activities. There is positive momentum from the utility industry as it returns to a longer-term contracting cycle to replace expiring contracts. It is estimated that cumulative uncommitted demand through 2035 is more than 800 million pounds of U 3 O 8 ( Source: UxC Uranium Market Overview Q1 2026 ). This utility demand, together with potential demand from financial entities, government programs and the overall increase in interest in nuclear energy as a source of power for growing electricity demand from electrification, artificial intelligence and data center applications, continues to add positive tailwinds to the strong fundamentals in the uranium market. The URC Business Model The Company does not operate mines, develop projects or conduct exploration. URC’s business model is focused on managing and growing its portfolio of uranium royalty and other uranium interests. The Company believes that the advantages of this business model include the following: • Lower Volatility Through Diversification. By investing in diversified uranium interests across a spectrum of geographies, the Company reduces its dependency on any one asset, project, location or counterparty. • Exposure to Uranium Price Optionality without Project Costs and Overhead. The Company believes that its model provides exposure to any future improvements in the uranium market, while at the same time minimizing fixed operating, exploration, development and sustaining costs associated with directly owning and operating uranium projects. Additionally, as the Company’s interests are non-operational, the Company is not required to satisfy cash calls in order to maintain its interests in such projects. • Focus and Scalability. As the Company’s directors and officers do not handle operational decisions and tasks relating to uranium projects, they are free to focus their time and energy on carrying out the Company’s acquisition strategy and identifying and executing on growth opportunities. As such, URC’s business model allows it to acquire and manage more uranium interests than an operating company can effectively manage. Physical Uranium Holdings Overview On June 7, 2018, the Company entered into an agreement (as amended, the “ Yellow Cake Agreement ”) with Yellow Cake, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company received an option to acquire physical uranium. The Yellow Cake Agreement is a strategic asset for URC, as it provides exposure to Yellow Cake’s physical uranium, provides URC with the option to acquire physical uranium and provides for future cooperation and collaboration in relation to acquisitions of physical uranium, royalties, streams and similar interests, as described in more detail below. Yellow Cake is a specialist company operating in the uranium sector, created to purchase and hold U 3 O 8 with the stated objectives of offering its shareholders exposure to the price of U 3 O 8 through the purchase and storage of physical uranium and exploiting a range of expected opportunities connected with owning U 3 O 8 , and uranium-based financing initiatives, such as commodity streaming and royalties. The Company may, in the future, acquire additional physical uranium pursuant to its option under the Yellow Cake Agreement or otherwise. Pursuant to the Yellow Cake Agreement, the Company may acquire between US$2.5 million and US$10 million of U 3 O 8 per year from Yellow Cake under its supply agreement that will expire on January 1, 2028, up to a maximum aggregate amount of US$21.25 million worth of U 3 O 8 . No purcha