ITEM 1. BUSINESS. The Kroger Co. (the “Company” or “Kroger”) was founded in 1883 and incorporated in 1902. Our Company is built on the foundation of our retail grocery business, which includes the added convenience of our retail pharmacies and fuel centers. Our strategy is focused on growing households and increasing customer loyalty by delivering great value and convenience, and investing in Fresh, Our Brands , Personalization and eCommerce. We utilize the data and traffic generated by our retail business to create personalized experiences and value for our customers. This data and traffic also enable our fast-growing, high operating margin alternative profit business, including third-party media revenue. In turn, the value generated from these businesses enables us to reinvest back into our retail business. Our revenues are predominately earned and cash is generated as consumer products are sold to customers in our stores and fuel centers and via our online platforms. We earn income predominately by selling products at price levels that produce revenues in excess of the costs we incur to make these products available to our customers. Such costs include procurement and distribution costs, facility occupancy and operational costs, and overhead expenses. Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to January 31. All references to 2025, 2024 and 2023 are to the fiscal years ended January 31, 2026, February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, respectively, unless specifically indicated otherwise. We maintain a web site (www.thekrogerco.com) that includes additional information about the Company. Kroger’s website and any reports or other information made available by Kroger through its website are not part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available through our web site, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and our interactive data files, including amendments. These forms are available as soon as reasonably practicable after we have filed them with, or furnished them electronically to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and are also available at www.sec.gov. Kroger is diversified across brands, product categories, channels of distribution, geographies and consumer demographics. Our combination of assets includes the following: Stores As of January 31, 2026, Kroger operates supermarkets under a variety of local banner names in 35 states and the District of Columbia. As of January 31, 2026, Kroger operated, either directly or through its subsidiaries, 2,697 supermarkets, of which 2,250 had pharmacies and 1,731 had fuel centers. Approximately 51% of our supermarkets were operated in Company-owned facilities, including some Company-owned buildings on leased land. Our stores operate under a variety of banners that have strong local ties and brand recognition. We connect with customers through our growing network of in-store and digital shopping options, delivering a consistent full, fresh and friendly customer experience. Fuel sales are an important part of our revenue, net earnings and loyalty offering. Our fuel strategy is to include a fuel center at each of our supermarket locations when it is feasible and it is expected to be profitable. Each fuel center typically includes four to nine islands of fuel dispensers and storage tanks with capacity for 35,000 to 50,000 gallons of fuel. 3 
 We intend to continue investing in new store growth as a key driver of long-term value creation. New stores allow us to increase penetration in existing markets, enter new geographies and reach new customers. We expect new store development to contribute to improved return on invested capital, volume growth and stronger market share performance. eCommerce We offer a convenient shopping experience for our customers regardless of how they choose to shop with us, including Pickup and Delivery. We offer Pickup and Harris Teeter ExpressLane™ — personalized, order online, pick up at the store services — at 2,408 of our supermarkets and provide Delivery, which allows us to offer digital solutions to substantially all of our customers. Our Delivery solutions include orders delivered to customers from retail store locations, customer fulfillment centers and orders placed through third-party platforms. These channels allow us to serve customers anything, anytime and anywhere with broad selection, convenience, and price. We also provide relevant customer-facing apps and interfaces that have the features customers want and that are also reliable, easy to use and deliver a seamless customer experience across our store and digital channels. We continue to make meaningful improvements in our eCommerce business and believe it will be an important growth driver and one of the key ways to attract new households. Media Kroger Precision Marketing, our retail media business, leverages our rich first-party data and deep customer relationships to provide targeted, measurable advertising solutions for consumer-packaged goods companies and a growing number of other industry partners. With insights drawn from the shopping behaviors of millions of loyal households, Kroger Precision Marketing enables advertisers to reach customers with relevant messaging across a variety of digital and in-store channels, including on-site search, display, social media, connected TV, and in-store placements. We believe our retail media business represents a significant and growing opportunity. As advertisers increasingly seek returns on media, the ability to connect advertising spend directly to actual purchase behavior, Kroger Precision Marketing is uniquely positioned to deliver that capability at scale. Our ability to link media impressions directly to household transactions across both digital and in-store purchases provides our advertising partners with best-in-class performance measurement. Kroger Precision Marketing is a key contributor to our alternative profit strategy, which focuses on generating revenue from assets and capabilities that complement our core grocery business. The retail media business carries an attractive margin profile relative to our traditional operations and is an important driver of our digital profitability. We intend to continue investing in the technology, talent, and collaborations needed to grow this business and expand the range of solutions we offer to advertisers. Our Data Kroger serves approximately 63 million households annually, and because of our rewards program, over 95% of customer transactions are tethered to a Kroger loyalty card. Our over 20 years of investment in data science capabilities allows us to utilize this data to create personalized experiences and value for our customers and enables our growing, high operating margin alternative profit businesses, including data analytic services and third-party media revenue. 4 
 Merchandising and Our Brands Our Brands play an important role in our merchandising strategy and represented over $39 billion of our sales in 2025. Our Brands include (i) items produced in our food production plants or by outside manufacturers that display the name of any Kroger registered trademark or brand and (ii) certain fresh and service‑case products that may not bear a Kroger registered trademark or brand but are sourced, produced or prepared in accordance with our merchandising and quality standards. Our supermarkets, on average, stock over 13,000 private label items. Our Brands products are primarily produced and sold in three “tiers.” Private Selection® is our main premium quality brand, offering customers culinary foods and ingredients that deliver extraordinary eating experiences. The Kroger® brand, which represents the majority of our private label items, is designed to consistently satisfy and delight customers with quality products that exceed or meet the national brand in taste and efficacy. Smart Way® is our value brand, designed to deliver good quality at an affordable price. In addition to our three “tiers,” Our Brands offers customers a variety of natural and organic products with the Simple Truth® brand. Simple Truth® is free from unwanted ingredients and delivers our best natural and organic products for any lifestyle. Approximately 20% of Our Brands units sold in our supermarkets are produced in our food production plants. The remaining Our Brands items are produced to our strict specifications by outside manufacturers. We perform a “make or buy” analysis on Our Brands products and decisions are based upon a comparison of market-based transfer price versus open market purchases. As of January 31, 2026, we owned 33 food production plants. These plants consisted of 14 dairies, nine deli or bakery plants, five grocery product plants, two beverage plants, one meat plant and two cheese plants. SEASONALITY The majority of our revenues are generally not seasonal in nature. However, revenues tend to be higher during the major holidays throughout the year. Additionally, certain significant events including inclement weather systems, particularly winter storms, tend to affect our sales trends. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Our People We want Kroger to be a place where our customers love to shop and our associates love to work. This is why we aim to create working environments where associates feel encouraged and supported to be their best selves every day. As of January 31, 2026, Kroger employed more than 403,000 full- and part-time employees. Our people are essential to our success, and we focus intentionally on attracting, developing and engaging a diverse workforce that represents the communities we serve. We strive to create a culture of opportunity and take seriously our role as a leading employer in the United States. Kroger provides a large number of people with first jobs, new beginnings and lifelong careers and we have long been guided by Our Values — Honesty, Integrity, Respect, Safety, Diversity and Inclusion. Attracting & Developing Our Talent To deliver on our customers’ experiences and remain competitive with union and non-union employers, we continually try to improve how we attract and retain talent. In addition to competitive wages, high-quality benefits and a safe work environment, we offer a broad range of employment opportunities for workers of all ages and aspirations. Many retail roles offer opportunities to learn new skills, where new associates come for a job and discover a career. Associates at all levels of Kroger have access to training and education programs to build their skills and prepare for new roles. In 2025, we spent approximately $183 million on training our associates through onboarding, leadership development programs and programs designed to upskill associates across the Company. We continue to invest in new platforms and applications to make learning more accessible to our associates. Beyond our own training programs, associates can take advantage of our tuition reimbursement benefit, which offers up to $3,500 annually — $21,000 over the course of employment — toward continuing education. These funds can be applied to education programs like certifications, associate or graduate degrees. Approximately 6,100 associates, 92% of whom are paid on an hourly basis, took advantage of our tuition reimbursement program in 2025. Kroger has invested approximately $76 million in this program since it launched in 2018. 5 
 Rewarding Our Associates As we continue to operate in a challenging labor market, we are dedicated to attracting and retaining the right talent across the organization to be able to continue delivering for our customers. We are investing in our associates by expanding our industry-leading benefits, including continuing education, training and development and health and wellness. During 2025, we increased associate wages, resulting in an average hourly rate of more than $20, and a rate of more than $26 with comprehensive benefits factored in, which is a 43% increase in rate in the last eight years. We remain committed to supporting our associates with investments in wages and comprehensive benefits that are sustainable and will allow us to continue to keep products affordable for the communities we serve. We expect to make continued associate investments in 2026. Creating a Safe Environment Our associates’ safety is a top priority and one of our core values. We prioritize providing the right safety training and equipment, safe working conditions and resources to maintain and improve associates’ well-being. Through our strategy to set clear expectations, routine monitoring, and regular communication and engagement, we strive to reduce the number of injuries and accidents that happen in our workplaces. We track health and safety metrics centrally for an enterprise-wide view of issues, trends and opportunities and monitor associate injury performance including total injuries, Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) injury rates, and lost-time injuries, as well as customer injury metrics like slip-and-fall injuries. We also track the completion of required training for associates, and we regularly share these metrics with leaders and relevant team members to inform management decisions. Supporting Labor Relations More than two-thirds of our associates are covered by collective bargaining agreements negotiated with local unions affiliated with one of several different international unions. There are approximately 350 such agreements, usually with terms of three to five years. Wages, health care and pensions are included in all of these collective bargaining agreements. Our objective is to negotiate contracts that balance wage increases so those wages are competitive with union and non-union employers, provide affordable healthcare for associates and keep groceries affordable for the communities we serve. Our obligation is to do this in a way that maintains a financially sustainable business. CLIMATE RESILIENCIES Managing greenhouse gas emissions to reduce our impact on the environment is an important part of Thriving Together, our responsible business strategy, and has been a focus for our business for many years. With a large portfolio of supermarkets, distribution warehouses, and food production plants, as well as a complex supply chain, we continue to take steps to reduce both the effects of our operations on the environment and the potential effects of a changing climate on our operations. To help identify and manage climate-related risks to our business, we conduct a periodic quantitative climate risk assessment to determine the likelihood that different physical climate risks, including drought, extreme heat and extreme precipitation, would affect our operations at representative facilities in different geographies and, in turn, potentially increase operating costs for these facilities. As a result of our past risk assessments, we do not currently anticipate the modeled physical risks to adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows for the foreseeable future. We expect to disclose results of an updated climate risk assessment in the next reporting year. We also acknowledge that climate-related legislation can affect our business. As a result of current state and federal requirements regarding the phasedown of hydrofluorocarbon (“HFC”) refrigerants, we are steadily replacing our refrigerant infrastructure to reach required levels, which incurs capital costs to the business. Any such legislation affects all retailers using refrigerants in their operations. We also monitor utility and technology availability and costs to help anticipate how these could affect our business operations in the future. To help prepare for and manage a variety of risk scenarios, including natural disasters and business disruptions to our supply chain, we maintain more than 200 business continuity plans. We have installed technologies and processes to ensure our supermarkets, food production plants, fulfillment centers and supply chain can respond quickly and remain operational to serve our customers. 6 
 This topic is managed by leadership with input from several departments across the business. The Public Responsibilities Committee of the Board of Directors oversees our responsibilities as a responsible business and our practices related to environmental sustainability, including potential climate effects, along with other environmental and social topics of material importance. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following is a list of the names and ages of the executive officers and the positions held by each such person as of March 25, 2026. Except as otherwise noted, each person has held office for at least five years. Each officer will hold office at the discretion of the Board for the ensuing year until removed or replaced. Name Name Age Recent Employment History Mary E. Adcock 50 Ms. Adcock was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Merchant and Marketing Officer in March 2025 and is responsible for sales and category planning for fresh foods, center store and general merchandise categories, as well as analytics & execution, e-commerce and digital merchandising, fuel, manufacturing and Our Brands . Prior to that, Ms. Adcock served as Senior Vice President and Chief Merchant and Marketing Officer from December 2024 to March 2025. From May 2019 to December 2024, she served as Senior Vice President of Retail Operations, and from June 2016 to April 2019, she served as Group Vice President of Retail Operations. Prior to that, Ms. Adcock held leadership roles in Kroger’s Columbus Division, including Vice President of Operations and Vice President of Merchandising. Prior to that, she served as Vice President of Natural Foods Merchandising and as Vice President of Deli/Bakery Manufacturing and held several leadership positions in the manufacturing department, including human resources manager, general manager and division operations manager. Ms. Adcock joined Kroger in 1999 as human resources assistant manager at the Country Oven Bakery in Bowling Green, Kentucky. Yael Cosset 52 Mr. Cosset was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Digital Officer in March 2025 and is responsible for leading Kroger’s digital strategy, focused on building Kroger’s presence in the marketplace in digital channels, personalization and e-commerce. He is also responsible for Kroger’s alternative profit businesses, including Kroger’s data analytics subsidiary, 84.51° LLC, and Kroger Personal Finance. From May 2019 to March 2025, Mr. Cosset served as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer. Prior to that, he served as Group Vice President and Chief Digital Officer, and also as Chief Commercial Officer and Chief Information Officer of 84.51° LLC. Prior to joining Kroger, Mr. Cosset served in several leadership roles at dunnhumby USA, LLC, including Executive Vice President of Consumer Markets and Global Chief Information Officer. Carin L. Fike 57 Ms. Fike was elected Vice President and Treasurer effective April 2017. Prior to that, she served as Assistant Treasurer and also as Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Fike began her career with Kroger in 1999 as a manager in the Financial Reporting department after working with PricewaterhouseCoopers in various roles, including audit manager. 7 
 Gregory S. Foran 64 Mr. Foran was elected Chief Executive Officer effective February 2026. He was also appointed as a member of the Kroger Board effective February 2026. Mr. Foran previously served as the Chief Executive Officer of Air New Zealand Limited, a public airline, from February 2020 until October 2025. Prior to joining Air New Zealand, Mr. Foran had been at Walmart since October 2011, including serving as Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Walmart U.S. from August 2014 until January 2020, as President and Chief Executive Officer for the Walmart Asia region from May 2014 to August 2014, and as President and Chief Executive Officer of Walmart China from March 2012 to May 2014. Valerie L. Jabbar 57 Ms. Jabbar was elected Senior Vice President effective August 19, 2021 and is responsible for the oversight of several Kroger retail divisions. From July 2020 to August 2021, she served as Group Vice President of Center Store Merchandising, and from September 2018 to June 2020, as Group Vice President of Merchandising. Prior to that, she served as President of the Ralphs Division from July 2016 to August 2018. Before that, Ms. Jabbar served as Vice President of Merchandising for the Ralphs Division and as Vice President of Merchandising for the Mid-Atlantic Division. She also held several leadership roles, including assistant store director, category manager, Drug/GM coordinator, G.O. Seasonal manager, assistant director of Drug/GM and director of Drug GM, and district manager in the Fry’s Division. She joined the Company in 1987 as a clerk in the Fry’s Division. Joseph M. Kelley 60 Mr. Kelley was elected Senior Vice President in May 2025 and is responsible for the oversight of several Kroger retail divisions. From November 2021 to April 2025, he served as President of the King Soopers and City Market division. Prior to that, he served as President of the Houston division from May 2019 to November 2021. Mr. Kelley joined Kroger in 2019, serving as Vice President on special assignment with a focus on customer experience. Prior to joining Kroger, he held executive leadership roles with Ahold USA, Stop and Shop, Marsh Supermarkets, and Price Chopper Supermarkets, and served as principal of Kelley Business Advisors, LLC, where he advised grocery retailers. David J. C. Kennerley 52 Mr. Kennerley was elected Executive Vice President in March 2025. Prior to joining Kroger, he held various leadership roles at PepsiCo, a global food, snack and beverage company, from 2001 to 2025, most recently serving as CFO, Europe. Mr. Kennerley joined PepsiCo in 2001 as a manager in the International Corporate Finance/Treasury Department, then in 2005 moved to the U.K. business as a business development director and subsequently held a number of roles across Planning and Commercial Finance. In 2011, he became the company’s senior finance director for the Global Beverages Group and then moved into the North American Beverage business. After that, Mr. Kennerley held a number of roles across Commercial Finance before being appointed to SVP Finance for the company’s North American Bottling business. He served in his most recent role as CFO, Europe from March 2020 to March 2025. 8 
 Timothy A. Massa 59 Mr. Massa was elected Executive Vice President in March 2025 and serves as the Company’s Chief People Officer, leading all areas of Human Resources and Labor Relations, including total rewards, labor relations, diversity, business unit human resources, people operations, training and development, talent hiring, retention and engagement, corporate affairs, and associate communications. He also leads the areas of shared services and aviation. From June 2018 to March 2025, Mr. Massa served as Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer, and from June 2014 to June 2018, he served as Group Vice President of Human Resources and Labor Relations. Mr. Massa joined Kroger in October 2010 as Vice President, Corporate Human Resources and Talent Development. Prior to joining Kroger, he served in various Human Resources leadership roles for 21 years at Procter & Gamble, most recently serving as Global Human Resources Director of Customer Business Development. Brian W. Nichols 53 Mr. Nichols was elected Group Vice President, Corporate Controller in October 2025 and is responsible for oversight of Kroger’s Corporate Accounting and Corporate Tax departments, as well as the Company’s Accounting Centers and Accounting Modernization teams. Prior to that, he served as Vice President, Corporate Controller from March 2024 to September 2025, and as Vice President, Assistant Corporate Controller from April 2021 to March 2024. From May 2018 to April 2021, Mr. Nichols served as Senior Director and Assistant Corporate Controller. Prior to that, he held several leadership roles, including Senior Manager of Corporate and External Financial Reporting and Senior Financial Analyst of SEC Reporting. Mr. Nichols joined Kroger in 2000 as Assistant Controller of the Central Division. Ronald L. Sargent 70 Mr. Sargent has served as Chairman of the Board since March 2025 and also served as Interim Chief Executive Officer from March 2025 to February 2026. Mr. Sargent has been a Kroger director since 2006 and served as the Lead Director from June 2018 to March 2025. He was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Staples, Inc., a business products retailer, from 2002 until his retirement as Chief Executive Officer in 2016 and as Chairman in 2017, after joining the company in 1989. Prior to joining Staples, Mr. Sargent spent 10 years with Kroger in several roles across stores, sales, marketing, manufacturing and strategy. Megan N. Shaffer 41 Ms. Shaffer was elected Group Vice President of Strategy, Customer Growth and Loyalty in June 2025. From May 2023 to June 2025, she served as Group Vice President and Chief Transformation Officer. From May 2018 to May 2020, she served as Senior Director in Retail Operations, focusing on process improvement and in-stock solutions. From May 2020 to April 2023, she was Vice President of Retail Operations, leading customer experience, labor, process improvement, and front-end operations. In September 2021, she gained responsibility for the Ruler Foods division. Ms. Shaffer joined Kroger in 2018 after 12 years in leadership roles with Aldi, Inc. 9 
 Victor R. Smith 65 Mr. Smith was elected Senior Vice President in January 2026 and is responsible for the oversight of several Kroger retail divisions. From April