Item
1A. Risk Factors 

 Below are material factors known to us that
could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, prospects or share price. These risks are not
the only risks we face, and there may be other risks, including risks not known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial, that
could materially and adversely affect our business and financial performance. Although these risks are organized by headings, and each
risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. 

 Risk Factor Summary 

 This summary of risk factors is not complete
and should be read in conjunction with the more complete and detailed descriptions of risks that follow. 

 ● 
 We have a limited operating history
 and remain in the early development stages. Although we have generated some revenue, we are not in volume production for any of our product
 offerings. It may be difficult to evaluate our business and prospects based on historical data. 

 ● 
 We may not raise sufficient additional
 capital or cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in new enterprises, which could reduce our ability to compete successfully
 and harm our results of operations. 

 ● 
 Our growth, profitability and
 cash flows depend upon our ability to successfully implement our growth strategy. 

 ● 
 We generate a substantial portion
 of our revenue from contracts with U.S. federal government agencies, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks that may adversely
 impact our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

 ● 
 We rely on our management team
 and other key employees and will need additional personnel to grow our business. The loss of one or more key employees or our inability
 to attract and retain qualified personnel could harm our business or opportunities. 

 ● 
 We expect to depend on a limited
 number of customers and the loss of one or more of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 and results of operations. 

 ● 
 Based on our industry and development
 stage, information technology systems’ failures or security breaches could have a disproportionate negative impact on Aeluma. 

 ● 
 If we fail to protect and enforce
 our intellectual property rights and confidential information, our business and prospects would suffer. 

 ● 
 Failure to effectively manage
 growth through operational and financial systems could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and results
 of operations. 

 ● 
 Natural disasters, public health
 crises, political crises, economic downturns, or other unexpected events could cause significant harm to our business operations and facilities,
 adversely affect our supply chain and customer base, and materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

 ● 
 Dependence on customers in regulated
 industries and changes in applicable laws and regulations could adversely affect demand for our products and business. 

 ● 
 Demand for our technologies may
 not develop as we expect, and evolving regulation and competition could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
 of operations. 

 ● 
 Because we expect to depend on
 third-party manufacturers to build portions of our products, we will be susceptible to manufacturing delays and pricing fluctuations that
 could prevent us from shipping customer orders on time, if at all, or on a cost-effective basis, which may result in the loss of sales,
 income, and customers. 

 ● 
 The semiconductor industry is
 highly cyclical, and significant downturns or upturns in customer demand can materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

 8 

 ● 
 Export controls, sanctions, and
 other trade restrictions applicable to semiconductor, photonics, defense, aerospace, AI, and quantum technologies could limit our ability
 to sell or transfer our products and technology. 

 ● 
 If we are unable to identify and
 make the substantial R&D investments required to remain competitive in our business, our business, financial condition, and results
 of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

 ● 
 We may be unable to develop new
 products to satisfy changing customer demands or regulatory requirements, which may materially adversely affect our business and results
 of operations. 

 ● 
 The semiconductor industry is
 highly competitive, and our inability to compete effectively could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

 ● 
 If we are unable to protect the
 intellectual property we use, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

 ● 
 We have identified material weaknesses
 in our internal control over financial reporting that, if not properly remediated, could result in material misstatements in our consolidated
 financial statements in future periods. 

 Risks Relating to Our Business, Growth Prospects
and Operating Results 

 We have a limited operating history
and remain in the early development stages. Although we have generated some revenue, we are not in volume production for any of our product
offerings. Our lack of operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects, and may increase the risks associated
with an investment in our Common Stock. 

 We commenced operations in 2019. Although we
have generated some revenue, we are subject to the risks involved with any speculative early-stage enterprise. There is no assurance that
we will successfully develop, manufacture, market and distribute our products or services. We have and may continue to experience continuing
net losses and negative cash flows from operations. The extent of continuing losses and negative cash flows from operations and the time
required to reach profitability are highly uncertain. There is no assurance that we will be able to achieve profitability or that profitability,
if achieved, can be sustained on an ongoing basis. There is no assurance that actual cash requirements will not exceed our estimates.
Such risks to us include, but are not limited to: 

 ● 
 an evolving, unpredictable and unproven business model; 

 ● 
 an intensely competitive developing market; 

 ● 
 rapidly changing technology; 

 ● 
 managing development and growth; 

 ● 
 dependence on key personnel; 

 ● 
 dependence on outsourced resources, materials and equipment; 

 ● 
 limited operating capital and limited access to credit; and 

 ● 
 other unforeseen changes and developments in operations, the
 product, and markets. 

 In
order to address these risks, we must, among other things: 

 ● 
 implement and successfully execute our business strategy; 

 ● 
 provide superior customer service; 

 ● 
 respond to competitive developments; 

 ● 
 attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel; and 

 ● 
 respond to unforeseen and changing circumstances. 

 We cannot make an assurance that it will succeed
in addressing these risks. 

 9 

 We have entered into a letter of
intent with the U.S. Department of Commerce for proposed funding under the CHIPS and Science Act, which remains subject to execution of
definitive award documents and may result in substantial restrictions on our business and operations. 

 We cannot be certain whether we and the U.S.
Department of Commerce will establish an execute definitive award documents for the proposed funding on acceptable terms, or at all. Even
then, the award will be tied to eligible project costs, and a portion of the award is expected to be funded on a milestone-based award
structure tied to technical progress, resulting in uncertainty as to whether, when, and in what amounts we may receive or retain any portion
of the proposed funding. 

 The perceived and actual dilutive effective of
the proposed issuance of common stock to the U.S. Department of Commerce pursuant to the award could adversely affect market perception
or the price of our common stock. Reputational, regulatory, or governance considerations that may accompany a government investment in
our Company could impose substantial restrictions on our business and operations and could also adversely affect future opportunities. 

 It is also possible that the anticipated benefits
of the proposed funding, including acceleration of commercialization and scaling of our non-InP photonics platform, may not be realized
on the timeline anticipated or at all. Further, changes in U.S. government policy, funding priorities, or budgetary constraints could
affect the availability or continuation of CHIPS and Science Act programs, both before and after definitive award documents have been
established. 

 Our failure to raise additional capital
or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in new enterprises in the future could reduce our ability to compete
successfully and harm our results of operations. 

 Historically, we have funded our operations and
capital expenditures primarily through equity issuances and cash generated from our operations. Although we currently anticipate that
our existing cash and cash equivalents and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the foreseeable future,
our business may not always generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fund our activities and we may require additional financing,
which we may not be able to obtain on favorable terms. If we raise equity financing to fund operations or on an opportunistic basis, our
stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests. If we engage in debt financing, we may be required to accept
terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, force us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios or restrict
our ability to pay dividends or make acquisitions. Additionally, if we need such financing and it is not available to us, or is not available
to us on satisfactory terms, our ability to operate and expand our business or to respond to competitive pressures would be limited, and
we could be required to delay, significantly curtail, or eliminate planned operations or other elements of our growth strategy. Although
we have a shelf registration statement on file and an at-the-market offering in place, there is no guarantee that we will sell any additional
shares, that market conditions will be favorable for such sales, or that proceeds of any offering will be sufficient to fund our capital
requirements. 

 We may not be able to successfully
implement our growth strategy on a timely basis or at all. Our future growth, profitability and cash flows depend upon our ability to
successfully implement our growth strategy, which, in turn, is dependent upon a number of factors, including our ability to: 

 ● 
 expand our eco-system of partners for our technology and products ; 

 ● 
 acquire new customers; 

 ● 
 scale our business model, including scaling our technology
 for commercial deployment; 

 ● 
 ensure a consistent and timely supply chain; 

 ● 
 expand our presence within verticals; 

 ● 
 continue to innovate our product offerings; and 

 ● 
 selectively pursue strategic and value-enhancing acquisitions. 

 10 

 There can be no assurance that we can successfully
achieve any or all of the above initiatives in the manner or time period that we expect. Further, achieving these objectives will require
investments that may result in short-term costs without generating any current revenue and therefore may be dilutive to our earnings.
We cannot provide any assurance that we will realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits we expect our strategy will achieve.
The failure to realize those benefits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

 The timelines of adoption for our
technologies might be longer than we anticipate. 

 As a semiconductor company, we develop technologies
and components that our customers incorporate into their end-products and systems, which may require development effort that may involve
development risk for our customers; these products would then be subject to market adoption and selling lead-times. In some cases, there
may be one or more additional intermediate participants in the supply chain. Collectively, the sequential nature of development and adoption
of our products may take longer than expected and could potentially delay revenue growth and adversely impact our business. 

 Market opportunity estimates and
forecasts regarding our target markets may prove inaccurate and should not be viewed as indicative of our future revenue or growth. 

 We rely on third-party market research and internal
assumptions to evaluate opportunities in mobile and consumer electronics, automotive lidar, AI, silicon photonics, quantum computing,
and other markets. These estimates are inherently uncertain and may prove inaccurate. Even if these markets grow as expected, we may not
develop products that address them, win customers in those markets, or achieve meaningful revenue, and investors should not rely on market-size
estimates or addressable-market estimates as an indication of our future revenue or growth. 

 Changes to federal regulatory agencies
and policies, including the Department of Commerce, could adversely affect our business operations and financial outlook. 

 On January 20, 2025, President Donald J. Trump
issued Executive Order No. 14158 entitled “Establishing and Implementing the President’s “Department of Government Efficiency”
or “DOGE”, which is tasked with making changes to eliminate regulations, cut expenditures, and restructure federal agencies,
some of which could impact public companies and companies in our industry. Through DOGE or similar recently issued Executive Orders and
initiatives, it is possible the Trump administration could institute significant changes to certain regulatory agencies. These changes
could result in a significant reduction in staff and/or federal funding, which may cause backlogs or other interruptions to regulatory
reviews and approvals causing a delay to our operations and/or special projects. As such, these changes to regulatory agencies could negatively
impact our business operations and financial outlook. 

 The Department of Commerce is particularly relevant
to our industry because it administers programs and policies affecting the semiconductor industry, including the CHIPS Program. Changes
in the administration, funding, eligibility requirements, implementation, or priorities of these programs, as well as changes to other
Commerce Department policies, including those relating to semiconductor trade and export controls, could affect our access to government
programs, incentives, approvals, or other resources and could increase regulatory uncertainty or compliance costs. Any such changes, delays,
or disruptions could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plans and could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

 11 

 Compliance with federal securities
laws, rules, and regulations, as well as Nasdaq requirements, has become increasingly complex, and the significant attention and expense
we must devote to those areas may have an adverse impact on our business. 

 Federal securities laws, rules, and regulations,
as well as Nasdaq rules and regulations, require companies to maintain extensive corporate governance measures, impose comprehensive reporting
and disclosure requirements, set strict independence and financial expertise standards for audit and other committee members, and impose
civil and criminal penalties for companies and their chief executive officers, chief financial officers, and directors for securities
law violations. These laws, rules and regulations have increased, and in the future are expected to continue to increase, the scope, complexity,
and cost of our corporate governance, reporting and disclosure practices, which could harm our results of operations and divert management’s
attention from business operations. 

 We generate a substantial portion
of our revenue from contracts with U.S. federal government agencies, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks that may adversely
impact our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

 Contracts with U.S. federal governmental agencies,
or prime contractors of these agencies, have in the past accounted for, and may in the future account for, a substantial portion of our
revenue. Contracts with government entities or prime contractors are subject to the following risks: 

 ● 
 selling to and contracting with
 governmental agencies can be highly competitive, expensive, and time-consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without
 any assurance that such efforts will generate sales or revenue. Our existing contracts typically expire after some period of time and
 must be “re-competed.” There is no guarantee that we will win such re-compete efforts; 

 ● 
 government certification requirements
 applicable to our products and services may change, and in doing so, may restrict our ability to sell into the U.S. federal government
 sector until we have attained the revised certification; 

 ● 
 government demand and payment
 for our products and services may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or
 delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our products and services; 

 ● 
 governments can generally terminate
 our contracts “for convenience”, meaning we could lose part or all of our revenue on short notice. The potential impact of
 the DOGE on government spending may adversely impact our business and may lead to an increase in the frequency of events of terminating
 contracts for convenience; 

 ● 
 governments routinely investigate
 and audit government contractors’ administrative processes, and any unfavorable audit could result in the government refusing to
 continue buying our products or services, which would adversely impact our revenue and results of operations, or institute fines or civil
 or criminal liability if the audit uncovers improper or illegal activities; and 

 ● 
 when we are a subcontractor, we
 have less control over the execution and success of the contract with the government. 

 If we were suspended or debarred from contracting
with the U.S. government, if our reputation or relationship with government agencies was impaired, or if the government otherwise ceased
doing business with us or significantly decreased the amount of business it does with us, our business, prospects, financial condition,
and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. 

 12 

 We rely on our management team and
other key employees and will need additional personnel to grow our business. The loss of one or more key employees or our inability to
attract and retain qualified personnel could harm our business. 

 Our future success is substantially dependent
on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate the members of our management team and other key employees throughout our organization,
including in technical, engineering, sales, and operational roles. The loss of one or more members of our management team or other key
employees could materially impact our sales or our R&D programs and materially harm our business, financial condition, results of
operations, and prospects. We do not maintain key person life insurance policies on any of our management team members or key employees.
Competition for highly skilled personnel in the semiconductor and photonics industries is intense, particularly for candidates with expertise
in compound semiconductors, heterogeneous integration, and related technologies. We may not be successful in attracting or retaining qualified
personnel to fulfill our current or future needs. For positions in our offices near Santa Barbara in particular, we may experience challenges
hiring new and mid-level employees, in part due to the high local housing costs and cost of living. Our competitors may be successful
in recruiting and hiring members of our management team or other key employees, and it may be difficult for us to find suitable replacements
on a timely basis, on competitive terms, or at all. 

 If our estimates or judgments relating
to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could fall
below the expectations of investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the amounts reported in our financial statements. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our financial statements include
those related to assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue, and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our
results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions,
which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of
our common stock. 

 Changes in accounting rules and regulations,
or interpretations thereof, could result in unfavorable accounting charges or require us to change our compensation policies. 

 Accounting methods and policies for companies
such as ours, including policies governing revenue recognition, leases, R&D and related expenses, and accounting for stock-based compensation,
are subject to review, interpretation and guidance from our auditors and relevant accounting authorities, including the SEC. Changes to
accounting methods or policies, or interpretations thereof, may require us to reclassify, restate or otherwise change or revise our historical
financial statements, including those contained in this report. 

 Our ability to use our net operating
loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

 We do not expect to become profitable in the
near future and may never achieve profitability. To the extent that we continue to generate taxable losses, unused losses will carry forward
to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, if a corporation undergoes an “ownership change,” generally defined as a greater than 50% change (by value) in
its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation’s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards
(“NOLs”), and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income or taxes may
be limited. The merger, our prior equity offerings and other changes in our stock ownership may have resulted in ownership changes. In
addition, we may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which are
outside of our control. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carryforwards
to offset U.S. federal taxable income may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability
to us. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited, which could
accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 

 13 

 We expect to depend on a limited
number of customers and the loss of one or more of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

 Currently, Aeluma has customer engagements that
involve R&D, development of wafers, delivery of engineering samples for evaluation, delivery of small volumes of chips, and R&D
contracts. There is no assurance that any of these potential customers will purchase our product after they complete their analysis, or
that any customer engagement, engineering sample, evaluation, NRE effort, or development project will result in a design win, binding
purchase order, volume production, or recurring revenue. Since we cannot predict how many of these evaluations will turn into sales, if
any, we cannot guarantee that we will generate sufficient revenue to be profitable. 

 In addition, we cannot assure that any of our
future customers will not cease purchasing products from us in favor of products produced by other suppliers, significantly reduce orders,
or seek price reductions in the future, and any such event could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, profitability, and results
of operations. 

 Furthermore, if a significant portion of our
revenue is derived from customers in certain industries, a downturn or lower sales to customers in such industries could materially adversely
affect our business and results of operations. If we cannot successfully market our products, we will not receive revenue. 

 Due to the concentration and ongoing consolidation
within the semiconductor industry, we may also find that over the longer term, our revenues are dependent on relatively few customers.
If we lose any of these customers, or these customers delay, dispute or fail to pay us or experience budgetary, liquidity, administrative
or other constraints that impair our ability to collect accounts receivable, our revenues and cash flows could be materially adversely
affected. 

 Customer concentration could potentially
result in volatility of revenues and stock prices. 

 While we are targeting a broad and diverse customer
base of both private and public customers as well as U.S. government agencies across multiple high-volume mass market opportunities, our
initial phases of volume production may be limited in diversity of customers. As a result, revenues during these phases may be volatile.
Such revenue volatility may potentially result in higher-than-average volatility in the price of our Common Stock. 

 Some of our business may be dependent
on a royalty-based business model, which is inherently risky. 

 The long-term success of our business model may
be dependent on future royalties paid to us by licensee-customers. We will depend on our ability to structure, negotiate and enforce agreements
for the determination and payment of royalties, as well as upon our licensees’ compliance with their agreements. We face risks inherent
in a royalty-based model, many of which are outside our control, such as the following: 

 ● 
 the rate of adoption and incorporation
 of our technology by semiconductor designers and manufacturers and the manufacturers of semiconductor fabrication equipment; 

 ● 
 the length of the design cycle and the ability to successfully
 integrate our technology into manufacturing processes; 

 ● 
 the demand for products incorporating semiconductors that use
 our licensed technology; 

 ● 
 the cyclicality of supply and demand for products using our
 licensed technology; 

 ● 
 the impact of economic downturns; and 

 ● 
 the timing of receipt of royalty reports may not meet our revenue
 recognition criteria resulting in fluctuation in our results of operations; 

 14 

 Uncertainties regarding the timing
and amount of customer orders could lead to excess inventory and write-downs of inventory that could materially adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations. 

 We expect that our sales will be typically made
pursuant to individual purchase orders or customer agreements, and we do not expect to have long-term supply arrangements with our customers
requiring a commitment to purchase. We expect that the agreements with our customers may allow them to cancel orders prior to shipment
for standard products and, generally, prior to start of production for custom products without incurring a penalty. We anticipate routinely
generating inventory based on customers’ estimates of end-user demand for their products, which is difficult to predict. In times
of undersupply for certain products, some customers could respond by inflating their demand signals. As markets level off and supply capacity
begins to match actual market demands, we could experience an increased risk of inventory write-downs, which may materially adversely
affect our results of operations and our financial condition. In addition, our customers may change their inventory practices on short
notice for any reason. Furthermore, short customer lead times are standard in the industry due to overcapacity. The cancellation or deferral
of product orders, the return of previously sold products, or overproduction of products due to the failure of anticipated orders to materialize
could result in excess obsolete inventory, which could result in write-downs of inventory or the incurrence of significant cancellation
penalties under our arrangements with our raw materials and equipment suppliers. Unsold inventory, canceled orders, and cancellation penalties
may materially adversely affect our results of operations, and inventory write-downs, which may materially adversely affect our financial
condition. 

 Our customers may require our products
to undergo a lengthy and expensive qualification process without any assurance of product sales. 

 Prior to purchasing our products, our customers
may require that our products undergo an extensive qualification process, which involves testing of the products in the customer’s
system, as well as rigorous reliability testing. This qualification process may continue for a few months or longer, may require us to
provide wafers, chips, engineering samples, NRE services, or other support, and we cannot guarantee that products will pass the required
tests. Customer selection or a “design win,” if any, does not obligate a customer to place purchase orders or to proceed to
volume production. However, qualification of a product by a customer does not ensure any sales of the product to that customer. Even after
successful qualification and sales of a product to a customer, a subsequent revision to the product or software, changes in the product’s
manufacturing process or the selection of a new supplier by us may require a new qualification process, which may result in delays and
in us holding excess or obsolete inventory. After our products are qualified, additional time may be required before the customer commences
volume production of components or devices that incorporate our products. Despite these uncertainties, we will devote substantial resources,
including design, engineering, sales, marketing and management efforts, toward qualifying our products with customers in anticipation
of sales. If we are unsuccessful or delayed in qualifying any of our products with a customer, such failure or delay would preclude or
delay sales of such product to the customer, which may impede our growth and cause our business to suffer. 

 Our business operations could suffer
in the event of information technology systems’ failures or security breaches.  

 While we believe that we have implemented adequate
security measures within our internal information technology and networking systems, our information technology systems may be subject
to security breaches, damages from computer viruses, ransomware, phishing attacks, natural disasters, terrorism, power outages, and telecommunication
failures. The semiconductor industry has been, and may continue to be, the target of cyber attacks, including those aimed at obtaining
intellectual property, disrupting manufacturing processes, or compromising confidential business information. Any system failure or security
breach could cause interruptions in our operations in addition to the possibility of losing proprietary information, trade secrets, or
sensitive customer and partner data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our confidential
information, our competitive position may be adversely affected, and we may incur liability, regulatory penalties, or additional costs
to remedy the damages caused by these disruptions or security breaches. We may also be required to expend significant resources to protect
against, respond to, and recover from any such attacks or disruptions. 

 15 

 If we fail to protect and enforce
our intellectual property rights and our confidential information, our business will suffer. 

 We conduct certain R&D activities and production
of our products at external partner facilities, which has the potential to expose third parties to elements of our intellectual property.
We rely primarily on a combination of nondisclosure agreements and other contractual provisions and patent, trade secret and copyright
laws to protect our technology and intellectual property. If we fail to protect our technology and intellectual property, our customers,
licensees, and others may seek to use our technology and intellectual property without the payment of license fees and royalties, which
could weaken our competitive position, reduce our operating results and increase the likelihood of costly litigation. The growth of our
business depends in large part on our ability to secure intellectual property rights in a timely manner, our ability to convince third
parties of the applicability of our intellectual property rights, and our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights. In certain
instances, we attempt to obtain patent protection for portions of our technology, and our agreements may include both issued patents and
pending patent applications. If we fail to obtain patents in a timely manner or if the patents issued to us do not cover all of the inventions
disclosed in our patent applications, others could use portions of our technology and intellectual property without the payment of license
fees and royalties. 

 We also rely on trade secret laws rather than
patent laws to protect other portions of our proprietary technology. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. The misappropriation
of our trade secrets or other proprietary information could seriously harm our business. We protect our proprietary technology and processes,
in part, through confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, suppliers and customers. We cannot be certain that these
contracts have not been and will not be breached, that we will be able to timely detect unauthorized use or transfer of our technology
and intellectual property, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known
or be independently discovered by competitors. If we fail to use these mechanisms to protect our technology and intellectual property,
or if a court fails to enforce our intellectual property rights, our business will suffer. We cannot be certain that these protection
mechanisms can be successfully asserted in the future or will not be invalidated or challenged. 

 Further, the laws and enforcement regimes of
certain countries do not protect our technology and intellectual property to the same extent as do the laws and enforcement regimes of
the U.S. In certain jurisdictions, we may be unable to protect our technology and intellectual property adequately against unauthorized
use, which could adversely affect our business. 

 A court invalidation or limitation
of our key patents could significantly harm our business. 

 Our patent portfolio contains some patents that
are particularly significant to our technology and other business prospects. If any of these key patents are invalidated, or if a court
limits the scope of the claims in any of these key patents, the likelihood that companies will take licenses could be significantly reduced.
The resulting loss in license fees and royalties could significantly harm our business. Moreover, our stock price may fluctuate based
on developments in the course of ongoing litigation. 

 We may be involved in material legal
proceedings in the future to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights, which could harm our business. 

 From time to time, we may identify products that
we believe infringe our patents. In that event, we may initially seek to license the manufacturer of the infringing products; however,
if the manufacturer is unwilling to enter into a license agreement, we may have to initiate litigation to enforce our patent rights against
those products. Litigation stemming from disputes could harm our ability to gain new customers, who may postpone commitments to us pending
the outcome of the litigation or who may, as a result of such litigation, choose not to procure or adopt our technologies. Such litigation
may also harm our relationships with existing customers, who may, as a result of such litigation, cease making payments to us or challenge
the validity and enforceability of our patents or the scope of our agreements. 

 16 

 In addition, the costs associated with legal
proceedings are typically high, relatively unpredictable, and not completely within our control. These costs may be materially higher
than expected, which could adversely affect our operating results and lead to volatility in the price of our common stock. Whether or
not determined in our favor or ultimately settled, litigation diverts our managerial, technical, legal, and financial resources from our
business operations. Furthermore, an adverse decision in any of these legal actions could result in a loss of our proprietary rights,
subject us to significant liabilities, require us to seek licenses from others, limit the value of our technology or otherwise negatively
impact our stock price or our business and consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

 Even if we prevail in our legal actions, significant
contingencies may exist to their settlement and final resolution, including the scope of the liability of each party, our ability to enforce
judgments against the parties, the ability and willingness of the parties to make any payments owed or agreed upon and the dismissal of
the legal action by the relevant court, none of which are completely within our control. Parties that may be obligated to pay us royalties
could be insolvent or decide to alter their business activities or corporate structure, which could affect our ability to collect royalties
from such parties. 

 Our technologies may infringe on
the intellectual property rights of others, which could lead to costly disputes or disruptions. 

 The semiconductor industry is characterized by
frequent allegations of intellectual property infringement. Any allegation of infringement could be time- consuming and expensive to defend
or resolve, result in substantial diversion of management resources, cause suspension of operations or force us to enter into royalty,
license, or other agreements rather than dispute the merits of such allegation. Furthermore, third parties making such claims may be able
to obtain injunctive or other equitable relief that could block our ability to further develop or commercialize some or all of our technologies,
and the ability of our customers to develop or commercialize their products incorporating our technologies, in the U.S. and abroad. If
patent holders or other holders of intellectual property initiate legal proceedings, we may be forced into protracted and costly litigation.
We may not be successful in defending such litigation and may not be able to procure any required royalty or license agreements on acceptable
terms or at all. 

 If we cannot effectively manage growth
by implementing and improving its operational and financial systems, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected. 

 In order to maximize the potential growth in
our market opportunities, we may have to expand rapidly and significantly. The impetus for expansion could place a significant strain
on our management, operational and financial resources. In order to manage growth, we will be required to implement and continually improve
our operational and financial systems, expand operations, attract and retain superior management and train, manage and expand our employee
base. We can give no assurance that we will effectively manage our operations, that our system, procedures, or controls will adequately
support operations or that our management will successfully implement our business plan. If we cannot effectively manage growth, our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

 If our estimates related to expenditures
are inaccurate, our business may fail. 

 Our success is dependent in part upon the accuracy
of our management’s estimates of expenditures for the next twelve months and beyond. If such estimates are inaccurate, or we encounter
unforeseen expenses and delays, we may not be able to carry out our business plan, which could result in the failure of our business. 

 17 

 Product liability lawsuits, warranty
claims, and product recalls could result in substantial liabilities and harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

 We face a potential risk of product liability
as a result of any of the products that we develop, manufacture and/or offer for sale. For example, we may be sued if any pr