Item 1A. Risk Factors 6 You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known, or those we currently consider insignificant, may also impair our business operations in the future. We historically incurred losses from operating activities, may require significant capital and may never achieve sustained profitability. For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2026, the Company had a net loss of approximately $1.2 million, an accumulated deficit of approximately $81.1 million, and a cash balance of $4.9 million. The Company used cash in operations of approximately $4.5 million for the twelve months ending April 30, 2026. We believe that our cash on hand, together with expected cash flows from operations, are adequate to fund our operations through at least August 2027. The amount of our income or losses and liquidity requirements may vary significantly from year-to-year and quarter-to-quarter and will depend on, among other factors: • the cost of continuing to build out our TumorGraft bank; • the cost and rate of progress toward growing our technology platforms; • the cost and rate of progress toward building our business units; • the cost of increasing our research and development; • the cost of renting our laboratory and animal testing facilities and payment for associated services; • the timing and cost of obtaining and maintaining any necessary regulatory approvals; • the cost of expanding and building out our infrastructure; and • the cost incurred in hiring and maintaining qualified personnel. Currently, the Company derives revenue primarily from research services, while pursuing efforts to further develop our drug discovery business units. To become sustainably profitable, the Company will need to generate revenues to offset our operating costs, including our research and development and general and administrative expenses. We may not achieve or sustain our revenue or profit objectives. If we incur losses in the future and/or we are unable to obtain sufficient capital either from operations or externals sources, ultimately, we may have to cease operations. In order to grow revenues, we must invest capital to implement our sales and marketing efforts and to successfully develop our technology platforms. Our sales and marketing efforts may never generate significant increases in revenues or achieve profitability and it is possible that we will be required to raise additional capital to continue our operations. If we must devote a substantial amount of time to raising capital, it will delay our ability to achieve our business goals within the time frames that we now expect, which could increase the amount of capital we need. In addition, the amount of time expended by our management on fundraising distracts them from concentrating on our business affairs. If we require additional capital and are not successful in raising the needed capital, we may have to cease operations. We may incur greater costs than anticipated, which could result in sustained losses. We use reasonable efforts to assess and predict the expenses necessary to pursue our business strategies. However, implementing our business strategies may require more employees, capital equipment, supplies or other expenditure items than management has predicted. Similarly, the cost of compensating additional management, employees and consultants or other operating costs may be more than we estimate, which could result in ongoing and sustained losses. We may not be able to implement our business strategies, which could impair our ability to continue operations. Implementation of our business strategies will depend in large part on our ability to (i) attract and maintain a significant number of customers; (ii) effectively provide acceptable services to our customers; (iii) develop and license new products and technologies; (iv) maintain appropriate internal procedures, policies, and systems; (v) hire, train, and retain skilled employees and management; (vi) continue to operate despite increasing competition in our industry; and (vii) establish, develop and maintain our name recognition. Our inability to obtain or maintain any or all these factors could impair our ability to implement our business strategies successfully, which could have material adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition. Our laboratories are subject to regulation and licensure requirements, and the healthcare industry is highly regulated; we may face substantial penalties, and our business activities may be impacted, if we fail to comply. 7 Our research services are performed in laboratories that are subject to state regulation and licensure requirements. Such regulation and requirements are subject to change, and may result in additional costs or delays in providing our products to our customers. In addition, the healthcare industry in general is highly regulated in the United States at both the federal and state levels. We seek to conduct our business in compliance with all applicable laws, but many of the laws and regulations potentially applicable to us are vague or unclear. These laws and regulations may be interpreted or applied by an authority in a way that could require us to make changes in our business. We may not be able to obtain all regulatory approvals needed to operate our business or sell our products. If we fail to do so, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties or fines or lose the authorizations necessary to operate our business, as well as incur additional liabilities from third parties. If any of these events happened, they could hurt our business and financial results. If our laboratory facilities are damaged or destroyed, or we have a dispute with one of our landlords, our business would be negatively affected. We currently utilize several office suites where our laboratories are located within one facility in Rockville, Maryland. If this facility was to be significantly damaged or destroyed, we could suffer a loss of our ongoing and future drug studies, as well as our TumorBank. In addition, we lease the laboratories from a third party. If we had a dispute with our landlord or otherwise could not utilize our space, it would take time to find and move to a new facility, which could negatively affect our results of operations. Any health crisis impacting our colony of laboratory mice could have a negative impact on our business. Our research services operations depend on having a colony of live mice available. If this population experienced a health crisis, such as a virus or other pathogen, such crisis would affect the success of our existing and future business, as we would have to rebuild the population and repeat current studies. We have limited experience marketing and selling our products and may need to rely on third parties to successfully market and sell our products and generate revenues. Currently, we rely on the internet, word of mouth, and a small sales force to market our services. We have to compete with other pharmaceutical, biotechnology and life science technology and service companies to recruit, hire, train, and retain marketing and sales personnel. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to develop in-house sales, and as a result, we may not be able to generate product revenue. We will continue to be dependent upon key employees. Our success, currently, is dependent upon the efforts of several full-time key employees, the loss of the services of one or more of which would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We intend to continue to develop our management team and attract and retain qualified personnel in all functional areas to expand and grow our business. This may be difficult in the healthcare industry where competition for skilled personnel is intense. Because our industry is very competitive and many of our competitors have substantially greater capital resources and more experience in research and development, we may not succeed in selling or increasing sales of our products and technologies. We are engaged in a rapidly changing and highly competitive field. Potential competitors in the United States and abroad are numerous and include providers of clinical research services, most of which have substantially greater capital resources and more experience in research and development capabilities. Furthermore, new companies will likely enter our market from the United States and abroad, as scientific developments surrounding other pre-clinical and clinical services grow in the multibillion dollar oncology marketplace. Our competitors may succeed in selling their products to our pharmaceutical and biotech customers more effectively than we sell our products. In addition, academic institutions, hospitals, governmental agencies, and other public and private research organizations also may conduct similar research, seek patent protection, and may develop and commercially introduce competing products or technologies on their own or through joint ventures. If one or more of our competitors succeeds in developing similar technologies and products that are more effective or successful than any of those that we currently sell or will develop, our results of operations will be significantly adversely affected. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, we may not be able to compete as effectively. 8 It is important in the healthcare industry to obtain patent and trade secret protection for new technologies, products, and processes. Our success will depend, in part, upon our ability to obtain, enjoy, and enforce protection for any products we have, develop or acquire under United States and foreign patent laws and other intellectual property laws, preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets, and operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Where appropriate, we will seek patent protection for certain aspects of our technology. However, while our TumorGraft Technology Platform is proprietary and requires significant know-how to both initiate and operate, it is not patented. It is, therefore, possible for competitors to develop other implantation procedures, or to discover the same procedures utilized by us, that could compete with us in our market. It also is unclear whether efforts to secure our trade secrets will provide useful protection. While we will use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees or consultants may unintentionally or willfully disclose our proprietary information to competitors resulting in a loss of protection. Enforcing a claim that someone else illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets, like patent litigation, is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets. Finally, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. We rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also seek to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Our trade secrets may also be obtained by third parties by other means, such as breaches of our physical or computer security systems. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they communicate it, from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position would be harmed. Claims by others that our products infringe their patents or other intellectual property rights could adversely affect our financial condition. The healthcare industry has been characterized by frequent litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Patent applications are maintained in secrecy in the United States and also are maintained in secrecy outside the United States until the application is published. Accordingly, we can conduct only limited searches to determine whether our technology infringes the patents or patent applications of others. Any claims of patent infringement asserted by third parties would be time-consuming and could likely: • result in costly litigation; • divert the time and attention of our technical personnel and management; • require us to develop non-infringing technology; or • require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. Research service studies are subject to cancellation based on changes in customer’s development plans. Our revenue is primarily derived from studies performed for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to assist in the development of oncology drugs. There are many factors that could result in the change of our customers development plans for specific drugs, including without limitation to their research and development budgets and drug development strategies. These changes could lead to the cancellation or modification of on-going or planned studies. This would have a negative impact on the Company’s revenue growth and profit margin. We face competition in the life science market for computational software and for bioinformatics products. The market for our computational software platform for the life science market is competitive. We currently face competition from other scientific software providers, larger technology and solutions companies, in-house development by our customers and academic and government institutions, and the open-source community. Some of our competitors and potential competitors 9 have longer operating histories in certain segments of our industry than we do and could have greater financial, technical, marketing, research and development, and other resources. We could also face competition from open-source software initiatives, in which developers provide software and intellectual property free over the Internet. In addition, some of our customers spend significant internal resources in order to develop their own software. There can be no assurance that our current or potential competitors will not develop products, services, or technologies that are comparable to, superior to, or render obsolete, the products, services, and technologies we offer. There can be no assurance that our competitors will not adapt more quickly than we do to technological advances and customer demands, thereby increasing such competitors' market share relative to ours. Any material decrease in demand for our technologies or services may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Drug development programs, particularly those in early stages of development, may never be commercialized. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to select successful product candidates, complete preclinical development of these product candidates and advance them to and through clinical trials. Early-stage product candidates in particular require significant investment in development, preclinical studies and clinical trials, regulatory clearances and substantial additional investment before they can be commercialized, if at all. Our research and development programs may not lead to commercially viable products for several reasons, and are subject to the risks and uncertainties associated with drug development. For example, we may fail to identify promising product candidates, our product candidates may fail to be safe and effective in preclinical tests or clinical trials, or we may have inadequate financial or other resources to pursue discovery and development efforts for new product candidates. From time to time, we may establish and announce certain development goals for our product candidates and programs. However, given the complex nature of the drug discovery and development process, it is difficult to predict accurately if and when we will achieve these goals. If we are unsuccessful in advancing our research and development programs into clinical testing or in obtaining regulatory approval, our long-term business prospects will be harmed. Impairment of goodwill may adversely impact future results of operations. We have goodwill on our balance sheet. If the future growth and operating results of our business are not as strong as anticipated and/or our market capitalization declines, this could result in an impairment of our goodwill. To the extent any future impairment occurs, the carrying value of our assets will be written down to an implied fair value and an impairment charge will be made to our income from continuing operations. Such an impairment charge could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Our ability to use our net operating loss carry-forwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an “ownership change” (generally defined as a greater than 50% change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period), the corporation’s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carry-forwards and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income may be limited. We believe that our 2016 public offering, taken together with our private placements and other transactions that have occurred since then, may have triggered an “ownership change” limitation. We may also experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carry-forwards to offset U.S. federal taxable income may be subject to limitations, which potentially could result in increased future tax liability to us. We have a limited market for our common stock, which makes our securities very speculative. Trading activity in our common stock is and has been limited. As a result, an investor may find it difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations of the price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that a more active market for our common stock will develop, or if one should develop, there is no assurance that it will be sustained. This could severely limit the liquidity of our common stock, and would likely have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and on our ability to raise additional capital. Furthermore, like many stocks quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market, trading in our common stock is thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Investment in our common stock may be diluted if we issue additional shares in the future. 10 We may issue additional shares of common stock, which will reduce shareholders’ percentage ownership and may dilute per share value. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 200,000,000 shares of common stock. As of July 23, 2026, we had 14,013,902 shares of common stock issued and 13,893,569 outstanding. The future issuance of all or part of the remaining authorized common stock would result in substantial dilution in the percentage of the common stock held by existing shareholders. The issuance of common stock for future services, acquisitions, or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by existing shareholders, and might have an adverse effect on any market for our common stock. To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities or convertible debt securities in the future, our stockholders may experience significant dilution. Sale of additional equity and/or convertible debt securities at prices below certain levels will trigger anti-dilution provisions with respect to certain securities we have previously sold. If additional funds are raised through a credit facility or the issuance of debt securities or preferred stock, lenders under the credit facility or holders of these debt securities or preferred stock would likely have rights that are senior to the rights of holders of our common stock, and any credit facility or additional securities could contain covenants that would restrict our operation. Potential future sales or issuances of our common stock to raise capital, or the perception that such sales could occur, could cause dilution to our current stockholders and the price of our common stock to fall. We have historically supported our operations through the issuance of equity and may continue to do so in the future. Although we may not be successful in obtaining financing through equity sales on terms that are favorable to us, if at all, any such sales that do occur could result in substantial dilution to the interests of existing holders of our common stock. Additionally, the sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock or other equity securities to any new investors, or the anticipation of such sales, could cause the trading price of our common stock to fall. Our stock price is volatile and therefore investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the price they paid for it. The stock market in general and the market for biotechnology companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the price they paid for it. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: • regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; • variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; • changes in the healthcare payment system overseas to the degree we receive revenue from such healthcare systems overseas; • announcements by us of significant acquisition, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; • sales of significant shares of stock by large investors; • intellectual property, product liability, or other litigation against us; and • the other key facts described in this “Risk Factors” section. Certain provisions of our charter and bylaws and of our contractual agreements contain provisions that could delay and discourage takeover attempts and any attempts to replace our current management by stockholders. Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and our contractual agreements could make it difficult for or prevent a third party from acquiring control of us or changing our board of directors (the "Board" or "Board of Directors") and management. These provisions include: • requirements that our stockholders comply with advance notice procedures in order to nominate candidates for election to our Board of Directors or to place stockholders’ proposals on the agenda for consideration at meetings of stockholders; and • in connection with private placements of our stock in 2011, 2013 and 2015, we covenanted that we would not merge or consolidate with another company unless either the transaction and the trading volume of our stock met certain thresholds and qualifications or we obtained the consent of certain of the investors who purchased our stock in those private placements. Certain provisions of Delaware law make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us and make a takeover more difficult to complete, even if such a transaction were in the stockholders’ interest. 11 The Delaware General Corporation Law contains provisions that may have the effect of making it more difficult or delaying attempts by others to obtain control of us, even when these attempts may be in the best interests of our stockholders. We also are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibit us from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner and prohibit the voting of shares held by persons acquiring certain numbers of shares without obtaining requisite approval. The statutes have the effect of making it more difficult to effect a change in control of a Delaware company. Our management and four significant stockholders collectively own a substantial majority of our common stock. Collectively, our officers, our directors and four significant stockholders own or exercise voting and investment control of approximately 71% of our outstanding common stock as of July 23, 2026. As a result, investors may be prevented from affecting matters involving our company, including: • the composition of our Board of Directors and, through it, any determination with respect to our business direction and policies, including the appointment and removal of officers; • any determinations with respect to mergers or other business combinations; • our acquisition or disposition of assets; and • our corporate financing activities. Furthermore, this concentration of voting power could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change of control or other business combination that might otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders. This significant concentration of share ownership may also adversely affect the trading price for our common stock because investors may perceive disadvantages in owning stock in a company that is controlled by a small number of stockholders. We have not paid any cash dividends in the past and have no plans to issue cash dividends in the future, which could cause the value of our common stock to have a lower value than other similar companies which do pay cash dividends. We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not anticipate any cash dividends being paid to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. While our dividend policy will be based on the operating results and capital needs of the business, it is anticipated that any earnings will be retained to finance our future expansion. As we have no plans to issue cash dividends in the future, our common stock could be less desirable to other investors and as a result, the value of our common stock may decline, or fail to reach the valuations of other similarly situated companies who have historically paid cash dividends in the past. If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our common stock adversely, the price of our common stock and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock may be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts may publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our common stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our common stock would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us was to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the price of our common stock or trading volume to decline. Our business operations could be disrupted if our information technology systems fail to perform adequately. We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit, and store information, to manage and support a variety of business processes and activities, and to comply with regulatory, legal, and tax requirements. Our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, may be vulnerable to damage, interruption, or shutdown due to any number of causes outside of our control such as catastrophic events, natural disasters, fires, power outages, systems failures, telecommunications failures, employee error or malfeasance, security breaches, computer viruses or other malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, denial of service attacks, phishing, hacking, and other cyberattacks. While we have experienced threats to our data and systems, to date, we are not aware that we have experienced a material breach. Cyberattacks are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature and are becoming more sophisticated. Additionally, continued geopolitical turmoil, including the Russia-Ukraine military conflict, has heightened the risk of cyberattacks. While we attempt to continuously monitor and mitigate against cyber risks, we may incur significant costs in protecting against or remediating cyberattacks or other cyber incidents. 12 Sophisticated cybersecurity threats pose a potential risk to the security and viability of our information technology systems, as well as the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data stored on those systems, including cloud-based platforms. In addition, new technology that could result in greater operational efficiency may further expose our computer systems to the risk of cyber-attacks. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure and associated automated and manual control processes, we could be subject to billing and collection errors, business disruptions, or damage resulting from security breaches. If any of our significant information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption, or shutdown, and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we could experience delays in reporting our financial results. In addition, there is a risk of business interruption, violation of data privacy laws and regulations, litigation, and reputational damage from leakage of confidential information. Any interruption of our information technology systems could have operational, reputational, legal, and financial impacts that may have a material adverse effect on our business. A pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease in the United States or elsewhere may adversely affect our business and we are unable to predict the potential impact. We are subject to risks related to public health crises Any outbreak of contagious diseases, or other adverse public health developments, could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations. These could include disruptions or restrictions on our ability to travel, pursue partnerships and other business transactions, receive shipments of biologic materials, as well as be impacted by the temporary closure of the facilities of suppliers. The spread of an infectious disease may also result in the inability of our suppliers to deliver supplies to us on a timely basis. In addition, health professionals may reduce staffing and reduce or postpone meetings with clients in response to the spread of an infectious disease. Though we have not yet experienced such events, if they would occur, they could result in a period of business disruption, and in reduced operations, any of which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. However, as of the date of this Annual Report, we have not experienced a material adverse effect on our business nor the need for reduction in our work force; and, currently, we do not expect any material impact on our long-term activity. The extent to which any spread of disease impacts our business will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, information which may emerge concerning the spreading and severity of the any infectious diseases, the actions to contain these, or treat their impact. Deterioration in general economic conditions in the United States and globally, including the effect of prolonged periods of inflation on our customers and suppliers, could harm our business and results of operations. Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in national or global economic conditions. These conditions include but are not limited to inflation, rising interest rates, availability of capital markets, energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges), the negative impacts caused by pandemics and public health crises, negative impacts resulting from the military conflicts between Russia and the Ukraine and/or in the Middle East, and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. Impacts of such conditions could be passed on to our business in the form of a reduced customer base and/or potential for new bookings due to possible reductions in pharmaceutical and biotech industry-wide spend on research and development and/or economic pressure on our suppliers to pass on increased costs. Our Chairman of the Board of Directors resides in Israel and we have several customers with their operations located in Israel, and, therefore, our leadership continuity and results may be adversely affected by political, economic, and military instability in Israel. One of our wholly owned subsidiaries is based in Israel. While we do not have a physical facility located in Israel, our Chairman of the Board of Directors resides there and we have several customers whose operations are based there. Accordingly, political, economic, and military conditions in Israel may directly affect our business. Since the establishment of the modern State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its neighboring countries. Any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade between Israel and its trading partners could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and leadership continuity. Any armed conflicts, war, terrorist activities, or political instability in the region and the consequences thereof, such as our customers' ability to conduct operations and pay their suppliers of goods and services (such as our company), could adversely affect business conditions and could harm our results of operations. It is currently not possible to predict the duration or severity of the ongoing wars with Iran and its proxies, or its effects on our business, operations, and financial conditions. The ongoing wars could disrupt our customers' business and operations. While we have not experienced any disruptions that have materially impacted our business or results of operations, there can be no assurances that further unforeseen events will not have a material adverse effect on us or our operations in the future. 13