ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

 National
Energy Services Reunited Corp. (“NESR,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,” “us”
or similar terms) is one of the largest oilfield services providers in the Middle East and North Africa (“MENA”)
region. The Company’s business consists primarily of upstream and midstream oilfield services with oil and natural
gas companies as customers. NESR’s revenues are primarily derived by providing production services (“Production Services”)
such as hydraulic fracturing, coiled tubing, stimulation and pumping, cementing, nitrogen services, filtration services, pipelines and
industrial services, production assurance, artificial lift services, completions and integrated production management. NESR also provides
drilling and evaluation services (“Drilling and Evaluation Services”) such as rigs and integrated services, fishing and downhole
tools, thru-tubing intervention, tubular running services, directional drilling, drilling and completion fluids, pressure control, well
testing services, wireline logging services, and slickline services. NESR has significant operations throughout the MENA region including
Saudi Arabia, Oman, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), Iraq, Algeria, Egypt and Libya. 

 Formed
in January 2017, NESR filed a registration statement for its initial public offering in May 2017. In November 2017, NESR announced the
acquisition of two oilfield services companies in the MENA region. On June 6, 2018, NESR acquired all of the issued and outstanding equity
interests of NPS Holdings Limited (“NPS”) and Gulf Energy S.A.O.C. (“GES”) (collectively, the “NPS/GES
Business Combination”). On June 1, 2020, and May 5, 2021, respectively, NESR further expanded its footprint within the MENA region
when its NPS subsidiary acquired Sahara Petroleum Services Company S.A.E. (“SAPESCO”) and specific oilfield service lines
of Action Energy Company W.L.L. (“Action”) (collectively with the NPS/GES Business Combination, the “Business Combinations”).
On July 1, 2022, NESR acquired a minority stake in W. D. Von Gonten Engineering LLC (“WDVGE” or the “WDVGE Investment”)
a premier Reservoir Characterization and Geological & Geophysical (“G&G”) laboratory and consulting business formed
from the merger of W. D. Von Gonten Laboratories LLC and W. D. Von Gonten & Co. Petroleum Engineering Consulting. See Note 8, Goodwill,
Intangible, and Other Assets , to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, “ Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data ,” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Annual Report”) for further discussion of our most recent investments. 

 4 

 Principal
Markets 

 The
Company’s operations and activities are located within certain geographies, primarily in the MENA region. The revenue earned by
geographic area, based on drilling location, was as follows for the periods presented (in US$ thousands): 

 Year
 ended 

 December
 31, 2025 
 December
 31, 2024 
 December
 31, 2023 
 
 Geographic
 Area: 

 Domestic
 (BVI) 
 $ - 
 $ - 
 $ - 
 
 MENA 
 1,315,939 
 1,282,923 
 1,132,321 
 
 Rest
 of World 
 8,108 
 18,781 
 13,594 
 
 Total
 revenue 
 $ 1,324,047 
 $ 1,301,704 
 $ 1,145,915 

 Principal
Activities 

 Production
Services . Our Production Services segment includes the results of operations from services that are generally offered and
performed during the completion and production stages of a well’s lifecycle. These services include, but are not limited to,
the following: 

 ● 
 Hydraulic
 Fracturing – Hydraulic fracturing services are performed to enhance production of oil and natural gas from formations with low
 permeability and restricted flow of hydrocarbons. The process of hydraulic fracturing involves pumping a viscous, pressurized
 fracturing fluid, typically a mixture of water, chemicals and proppant, into a well casing or tubing and through perforations in
 order to fracture underground mineral formations. These fractures release trapped hydrocarbon particles and free a channel for the
 oil or natural gas to flow to the wellbore for extraction. Fracturing fluid mixtures include proppant that becomes lodged in
 the cracks created by the hydraulic fracturing process, “propping” them open to facilitate the flow of hydrocarbons
 upward through the well. Our hydraulic fracturing operations employ real-time monitoring of surface equipment and downhole pressure, to effectuate
predictive maintenance and evaluate the efficacy of the fluid treatment. 

 ●
 
 Coiled
 Tubing – We provide various coiled tubing services ranging from nitrogen lifting, fishing, milling, clean-out, scale
 removal and other complex well applications. We employ design software to predict the performance of coiled tubing string and fluid
 behavior. The work history and integrity of each coiled tubing work string is constantly monitored in real-time to allow our engineers
 to continually evaluate developments in coiled tubing applications. Our coiled tubing units are suitable for both onshore and offshore. 

 ● 
 Stimulation
 and Pumping – We employ stimulation and pumping services in our operations. We currently offer acidization of wells, cleaning
 jobs, the release of stuck drill pipe and tubing, well pressure testing and inhibition jobs on gas wells. 

 ● 
 Cementing
 – We have over 25 years of experience in primary and remedial cementing services across the MENA region. Our cementing solutions
 include cementing equipment with complete automated density control capabilities, large volume batch mixers allowing larger volume
 of slurries to be mixed and pumped at homogeneous density and customized cement systems for specific applications such as gas migration,
 ultra-light weight, flexible cement, HTHP (high-temperature/high-pressure) and self-healing cement. We also have an extensive database
 of knowledge and experience, in addition to laboratory and research support of field activity. 

 ● 
 Nitrogen
 Services – We offer a complete nitrogen service package through our nitrogen fleets. Our equipment incorporates a combination
 of low, intermediate, and high-rate pumping units. Our operational capabilities range from stand-alone nitrogen services such as
 freeing stuck drill pipe and unloading or cleaning out wellbores, to integrating with other service lines such as coiled tubing,
 stimulation and cementing, with the essential gaseous components necessary for various
 applications. 

 ● 
 Filtration
 Services – We provide filtration services through our two-stage, skid mounted, easy to handle filtration vessels. The primary
 and secondary filtration stages are usually carried out together. We have filtered thousands of barrels of drilling fluid on rig
 sites to mitigate wellbore damage as well as to support UBD (Under Balanced Drilling) operations. We also provide fluid storage
 tanks and pumping units as necessary. 

 ● 
 Pipelines
 and Industrial Services – We provide pipeline services to plants and refineries including water filling and hydro testing,
 nitrogen purging, de-gassing and pressure testing, as well as cutting/welding and pipe cooling/vessels systems. Our equipment
 and resources include an existing fleet of inert gas pump units, pig launchers and receivers, intelligent pigs, high-rate pumping
 units at high and low pressure, and pipeline inspection services. 

 5 

 ● 
 Production
 Assurance – Our fleet of water well drilling rigs and portfolio of conventional water treatment technologies (chemicals and
 filtration) allow us to serve the full water cycle. This includes the sourcing and treatment of water for oil and natural gas,
 municipal and industrial use and the injection disposal of water into selected reservoirs. We also provide a portfolio of production
 assurance chemicals to assist hydrocarbon production from specific reservoirs to enhance hydrocarbon productivity. This is achieved
 by collaborating with select chemical companies and academic institutes on fit-for-purpose solutions, leveraging our established
 in-house technical team of engineers and laboratory capabilities. 

 ● 
 Artificial
 Lift Services – We provide vertical, deviated and horizontal rod pumping systems, analysis and optimization recommendations
 for fluid level and dynamometer testing, artificial lift optimization and data interpretation, long-term monitoring and optimization,
 and associated field services. We also provide gas lift systems and downhole monitoring systems. We maintain a downhole pump workshop
 that is equipped with up-to-date equipment and tools, including pump testers, barrel honing and API beam pump gauges. 

 ● 
 Completions
 – We provide surface and subsurface safety systems, high-pressure packer systems, flow controls, service tools, expandable
 liner technology, VIT (Vacuum Insulated Tubing) technology for steam applications, and engineering capabilities with manufacturing
 and testing capacity. We focus on in-country value by taking a locally-driven systems approach to well
 completions for maximum recovery in addition to intelligent completion architectures. 

 ● 
 Integrated
 Production Management – These projects are focused on developing and managing production on behalf of the Company’s customers
 under long-term agreements. The Company invests its own services and products, and in some cases cash, into the field development
 activities and operations. Although in certain arrangements the Company is paid for a portion of the services or products it provides,
 generally the Company is not paid at the time of providing its services or upon delivery of its products. Instead, the Company is
 compensated based upon cash flow generated. 

 NESR
Environmental and Decarbonization Applications (“NEDA”) . The Company launched its NEDA service line, part of the Production Services segment, in 2024, a reorganization
of the prior ESG IMPACT service line that was first introduced in 2021. NEDA is comprised of a portfolio of technology partnerships,
early-stage equity investments, and in-house research and development encompassing key focus areas such as water recovery and mineral
extraction, gas emissions monitoring, flare abatement and gas reuse, and energy capture solutions. The aim
of the segment is to help the upstream value chain decarbonization operations and improve water stewardship, primarily by streamlining
the piloting and commercialization of technologies both native to the oil and gas industry and also adapted from other industries. 

 In 2025, NEDA continued to build out its circular water and mineral extraction portfolio, having successfully completed
a first-in-country Direct Lithium Extraction pilot campaign with a key Middle East customer. The NEDA team also piloted its
real-time emissions monitoring solution with a large national oil company in the region. 

 As
the frontier opportunities within NEDA are novel to the oil and gas industry, many of the technologies and applications are still in
early development and are dependent on regulation and other sustainability-related drivers for future commercial viability.
NESR’s strategy is to take a low-risk, capital-light approach to its NEDA investments and development projects, with the aim
of proving technologies that have significant growth potential over the long-term. 

 6 

 The
results of NEDA were not material to our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2025, December 31, 2024,
or December 31, 2023. 

 Drilling
and Evaluation Services. Our Drilling and Evaluation Services segment includes the results of operations from services that are
generally offered and performed during the well construction stage of a well’s lifecycle and related mainly to the operation
of drilling rigs. These services include, but are not limited to, the following: 

 ● 
 Rigs
 and Integrated Services – Our fleet of rigs range from 200 horsepower (HP) to 1,500 HP and offer drilling capabilities for all
 types of wells with depths up to 4,000 meters. Our fleet includes 750 HP truck-mounted, agile rigs, which are ideal for both light
 and heavy work over campaigns as these rigs are equipped with complete mud systems that can handle normal drilling activities. In
 addition, we provide a “one-stop solution” that encompasses integrated drilling services, including the provision of the rig
to wellbore construction and well testing. 

 ●
 
 Fishing
 and Downhole – We provide highly innovative and reliable drilling tools and machine shop services for conventional and unconventional
 drilling applications. Our manufacturing capabilities include manufacturing flanges, subs, pup joints, pony drill collars and all
 types of crossovers. We also have the provision of threading and repair services for the oil and natural gas industry including
 the re-cutting of tubing and casing, repair of drilling and production tubulars and well heads. 

 ●
 
 Thru-Tubing
 Intervention – We provide comprehensive oilfield solutions for all thru-tubing intervention requirements, from milling to fishing and thru-tubing well intervention. 

 ●
 
 Tubular
 Running Services – We provide traditional Tubular Running Services operated by highly trained personnel focused on safety,
 quality, efficiency and well integrity. Our Casing Running Tool service enables simultaneous connection make-up, break-out, circulation
 and rotation, increasing the probability of successful, first-attempt casing string placement, while mitigating safety and service quality risk. 

 ●
 
 Directional
 Drilling – Our directional drilling services provide a suite of solutions from conventional to unconventional drilling applications,
 including directional drilling, measurement while drilling, logging while drilling, drilling optimization, drilling engineering,
 borehole surveying, and surface mud logging. Directional Drilling includes our growing Roya™
 family of advanced drilling technologies, discussed below. 

 ● 
 Drilling
 and Completion Fluids – We provide drilling fluid systems and related technologies for a number of projects, including development
 drilling, exploration drilling and high-pressure/high-temperature drilling, in accordance with international standards and regulations
 for both onshore and offshore projects. 

 ● 
 Pressure
 Control – With a full range of wellhead products, flow control equipment and stimulation pressure control equipment, we can
 provide safe and efficient drilling, completion, and production activities. Our capabilities include pre-engineered products, in
 addition to fit-for-purpose fully customized designs, encompassing a wide variety of applications. 

 ● 
 Well
 Testing Services – Our well testing services are used to measure solids, gas, oil and water produced from a well. We offer
 integrated well testing services across the exploration, appraisal and development phases of oil and gas wells. Our aim is to
 provide newer, faster and more precise testing results through ongoing innovation and superior service quality, and our services
 include surface well testing onshore and offshore, flow back packages, sand management, burner boom stack for gas flaring, smokeless
 burner, multi-phase flow meters (MPFM), zero-flaring packages, and water treatment and filtration. 

 ● 
 Wireline
 Logging Services – Our fleet of logging trucks, offshore units, logging tools and pressure control equipment provides a wide
 variety of cased-hole logging services to our clients, including production and injection performance evaluation, stimulation performance
 evaluation, water shutoff determination, tubing and multiple casing integrity, acoustic leak detection, perforation, pipe recovery,
 cased hole formation evaluation, and interval isolation and borehole seal. 

 ● 
 Slickline
 Services – Our slickline services cover a range of applications including descaling, wax and sand cleanout, plug setting, gas lift valve changeout, fishing and other complex well applications. 

 7 

 Directional
Drilling and Roya™ Technology Portfolio. Technology enhancement and expansion within the Drilling and Evaluation Services segment
continues to be a strategic focus for the Company. Since 2021, the Company has entered into several strategic Drilling and Evaluation
Services partnerships with other technology providers to bring enhanced technologies to its customers. Key partnerships include PHX Energy
Services Corp., to bring leading directional drilling capabilities from North America to the MENA region; Beyond Energy Services &
Technology Corp., to offer managed pressure drilling services; and Kinetic Pressure Control Limited, to develop its Kinetic Blowout Stopper
(“KBOS”) technology in the MENA region and through which the commercial fleet of KBOS units expanded further in 2025. 

 In
2025, the Company continued the technical and commercial buildout of its Roya™ advanced directional drilling technology
platform to penetrate the high-end directional drilling market beyond the Company’s existing Drilling and Evaluation Services
offerings. The Roya™ advanced drilling platform is comprised of NESR’s RoyaStream™ measurement-while-drilling
tool, its RoyaSeek™ logging-while-drilling tool, and its RoyaSteer™ rotary-steerable system. Through 2025, the Company executed successful drilling campaigns with various combinations of its Roya™ solutions across
the Middle East. Previously, NESR had secured multi-year directional drilling “platform” contracts for this technology in Kuwait,
Oman and Saudi Arabia, and ongoing techno-commercial development involves the iterative improvement of Roya™ for selective directional
drilling applications within these countries. While Roya™ represents a significant, strategic growth opportunity for the Company
in the coming years, management expects to deploy this technology deliberately to ensure reliability and commercial success. 

 Customers 

 NESR’s
primary customers are national oil companies, large integrated oil companies, and independent operators. Revenues from four customers
individually accounted for 49%, 9%, 8% and 7% of the Company’s consolidated revenues in the year ended December 31, 2025, 54%,
9%, 7% and 4% of the Company’s consolidated revenues in the year ended December 31, 2024, and 44%, 8%, 7% and 5% of the Company’s
consolidated revenues in the year ended December 31, 2023. 

 Marketing
Channels 

 We
sell our products and services through both direct and indirect channels. Our primary sales channel is our direct sales force, which
operates with a strong country-level focus and maintains close relationships with customers through locally based teams. This structure
enables us to respond quickly to customer needs, tailor solutions to local market conditions, and build long-term strategic partnerships. 

 Competition 

 We
operate in highly competitive markets across the MENA region, where our competitors include both large multinational corporations and
smaller local service providers. Our revenues and earnings are influenced by various factors, including competitive dynamics, fluctuations
in drilling and completion activity, changes in customer spending patterns, expectations of future oil and natural gas prices, government
regulations, weather-related disruptions, and general economic conditions. 

 We
believe that the principal factors affecting competition in our industry include price, operational performance, product and service
quality, safety record, responsiveness, technological capability, and the breadth of available products and services. NESR seeks to differentiate
itself through superior execution, reliability, and a commitment to safety and innovation across all operating segments. 

 8 

 Seasonality 

 Seasonal
changes in weather and significant weather events affect the demand and price of oil and therefore the demand for our services. These seasonal and weather-related factors may result in fluctuations in
our revenue and operating results from quarter to quarter. Additionally,
customer spending patterns in the oilfield services industry often lead to higher levels of activity in the fourth quarter of each year,
as clients seek to fully utilize their annual budgets before year-end. 

 Human
Capital 

 As
of December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we employed 7,352, 6,554, and 6,231 employees and independent contractors, respectively, of over
60 different nationalities. Our employees are at the forefront of NESR’s strategy. We believe that our long-term success depends
on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly qualified and committed professionals. NESR places strong emphasis on cultivating
a motivated and skilled workforce by identifying and developing key capabilities and aligning them with our business needs. We invest
heavily in training and professional development through a mix of on-the-job learning, online programs, and classroom instruction. Our
structured career development framework defines the core competencies and skills required for advancement, enabling employees to progress
in both seniority and responsibility. By fostering a culture of continuous learning and growth, NESR ensures that our people remain empowered
to deliver operational excellence and sustain our competitive advantage. 

 The
Company provides a comprehensive range of welfare and benefit programs consistent with local laws and market practices in the
countries in which it operates. These programs generally include medical, dental, and vision coverage; medical and dependent care
flexible spending accounts; short- and long-term disability insurance; and life insurance. In addition, the Company maintains an
annual bonus plan for key employees whose decisions, activities, and performance have a material impact on business results. Target
bonus levels are determined individually, taking into account employee performance objectives, competitive compensation practices, and
prevailing market conditions. Bonus eligibility and payout levels are primarily linked to the achievement of Company and individual
performance objectives over the annual period, reinforcing a culture of accountability and performance excellence. 

 The
Company has no history of prolonged labor disputes or work stoppages and thus believes that relations with employees are good. With the
exception of certain of our employees in Oman, none of our employees are currently represented by unions or covered by collective bargaining
agreements. 

 Sources
and Availability of Raw Materials 

 We
purchase various component parts in connection with delivering our products and services. These materials are generally, but not
always, available from multiple sources and may be subject to price volatility. While we generally do not experience significant
long-term shortages of these materials, we have from time to time experienced temporary shortages of particular component parts. We
are always seeking ways to ensure the availability of resources, as well as managing costs of component parts. 

 Capital
Expenditures 

 During
the three most recent fiscal years, the Company’s capital expenditures were $316.8 million in the aggregate, comprising $143.5
million during the year ended December 31, 2025, $105.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2024, and $68.2 million during
the year ended December 31, 2023. The primary geographies for the Company’s capital expenditures were Saudi Arabia, Oman,
Kuwait, and UAE. The Company has utilized these capital expenditures predominantly to purchase equipment to support revenue
growth. For more information on our capital expenditures and requirements, see “ Liquidity and Capital Resources ”
within Item 7, “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations .” 

 Additionally,
the Company’s Integrated Production Management (“IPM”) projects are focused on developing and managing production on
behalf of the Company’s customers under long-term agreements. The Company invests its own services and products, and in some cases
cash, into the field development activities and operations. Although in certain arrangements the Company is paid for a portion of the
services or products it provides, generally the Company is not paid at the time of providing its services or upon delivery of its products.
Instead, the Company is compensated based upon cash flow generated. The Company invested $0 (zero) million, $0 (zero) million, and $16.0
million in IPM projects during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The Company has no plans for additional
IPM capital expenditures as of the date of this filing. 

 9 

 Since
March 2023, and continuing through December 31, 2026, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) was given final
responsibility for the Company’s capital expenditure process, under the supervision of the Board of Directors. 

 Research
and Development 

 To
date, the Company has not incurred significant expenditures on research and development activities, other than through strategic
investments and partnerships intended to expand its NEDA and
Drilling and Evaluation portfolios. These investments are individually insignificant but in the aggregate totaled $25.2 million and
$24.3 million as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. 

 The
Company accounts for these investments under the measurement alternative in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 321 ,
Investments – Equity Securities , and records them at cost, net of impairment, as none of the investments have readily determinable
fair values. In accordance with ASC 321, the Company monitors these investments for indicators of impairment, including recent transactions
involving the investees, liquidity position, operating performance, and other qualitative and quantitative factors. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $5.1 million related to one investment that is expected
to exhaust its remaining cash during 2026 and currently has limi