ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below and in other reports that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The matters discussed in the following risk factors, and additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. Risk Factor Summary Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted immediately following this summary. Some of these risks are summarized below: • Our ability to achieve our budgeted fiscal 2027 revenue expectations, and related public fiscal 2027 revenue guidance, will have a significant impact on our cash flow and stock price and ability to fund our operations and satisfy our debt obligations. • We are currently implementing a new ERP system, which will involve substantial cost and potential disruption to our normal operations. Our inability to successfully manage the implementation of our new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and otherwise negatively affect our financial reporting and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. • Government tariffs and other actions have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, resulting in increased costs and reduced gross margins. • The reduction or elimination of incentives from the United States government for investments in EV charging infrastructure may reduce demand for public EV charging products, in addition to reducing overall demand for EVs. • We do not have major sources of recurring revenue, a substantial portion of our revenues are derived from major project-based retrofit work that is awarded through a competitive bid process, and we depend upon a limited number of customers in any given period to generate a substantial portion of our revenue. The reduction of revenue from our most significant customer over the past several fiscal years has had, and the potential future loss of other significant customers or a major customer would likely have, a materially adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and it is generally difficult to predict the timing of projects that will be awarded, which can impact our ability to achieve our expected financial results. • The reduction or elimination of investments in, or incentives to adopt, LED lighting or the elimination of, or changes in, policies, incentives or rebates in certain states or countries that encourage the use of LEDs over some traditional lighting technologies, including due to federal funding restrictions in the United States, could cause the demand for our lighting products to slow. • We are experiencing ongoing increasing pressures to reduce the average selling price of our products and related negative impact on our gross margins driven largely by the ongoing increase in competition from foreign competitors. • Our products use components and raw materials that may be subject to price fluctuations, shortages or interruptions of supply, particularly resulting from tariffs and other trade restrictions. • We increasingly rely on third-party manufacturers for the manufacture and development of our products and product components. • We are subject to the risk of a cybersecurity breach. • Macroeconomic pressures in the markets in which we operate may adversely affect our financial results. • Adverse conditions in the global economy including due to changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, have negatively impacted, and could in the future negatively impact, our customers, suppliers and business. • The success of our LED lighting retrofit solutions depends, in part, on our ability to claim market share away from our competitors. Risks Related to Our Business Financial Risks 
 12 

 Our ability to achieve our budgeted fiscal 2027 revenue expectations, and related public fiscal 2027 revenue guidance, will have a significant impact on our cash flow and stock price and ability to fund our operations and satisfy our debt obligations. We have historically had difficulties in achieving our budgeted revenue expectations, and related public annual revenue guidance. Our ability to achieve our budgeted fiscal 2027 revenue expectations, and related public fiscal 2027 revenue guidance, will have a significant impact on our cash flow, financial condition and stock price and ability to fund our operations and satisfy our debt obligations. Any economic and political uncertainty caused by tariffs posed by the United States on other countries, and any corresponding tariffs from such other countries in response, may negatively impact demand and/or increase the cost for our products and components used in our products and reduce our gross margins. The current United States administration is pursuing a wide range of monetary, regulatory and trade policies, including the imposition of significant tariffs on certain imports into the United States. Foreign governments, including the Chinese government, have announced their intent to implement or increase tariffs on imports from the United States in response. Certain sourced finished products and certain of the components used in our products are impacted by tariffs imposed on imports as currently in effect. If we are unable to successfully mitigate the impacts of these tariffs and other trade policies, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. It remains unclear what the current United States administration or foreign governments will or will not do in the future with respect to tariffs or trade agreements and policies. A trade war, other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements, changes in United States social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories and countries where we currently purchase, manufacture and sell products and components, and any resulting negative sentiments towards the United States as a result of such changes, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Over the past several years we have incurred substantial net losses and negative cash flow. If these trends continue, our liquidity and financial condition will be further materially adversely affected. We experienced a net loss and negative cash flows in each of the last three fiscal years. There is no guarantee that we will be able to regain or sustain profitability and positive cash flows in the future. Our inability to successfully regain or sustain our profitability and positive cash flows will materially and adversely affect our ability continue our current level of operations and satisfy our debt obligations. We have a significant amount of goodwill and intangible assets on our balance sheet and our results of operations may be adversely affected if we are required to recognize an impairment charge against our goodwill and intangible assets. We had goodwill of almost $1.5 million and net intangible assets of almost $2.6 million as of March 31, 2026. In accordance with GAAP, goodwill and intangible assets with an indefinite life are not amortized but are subject to a periodic impairment evaluation. Goodwill and acquired intangible assets with an indefinite life are tested for impairment at least annually or when events and circumstances indicate that fair value of a reporting unit may be below their carrying value. Some factors that could lead to a goodwill impairment assessment would be: • our overall financial performance, including continued net losses and low levels of liquidity; • a material decline in the price of our common stock; • macroeconomic factors; • changes in our strategy or exiting a portion of the business; • significant adverse changes in demand for our products and services; and • related competitive considerations. We may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets. Such impairment charges could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In accordance with GAAP, we will continue to test goodwill for impairment at least annually or when events and circumstances trigger the requirement for an interim evaluation. 
 13 

 We are subject to financial and operating covenants in our credit agreement, and any failure to comply with such covenants, or obtain waivers in the event of non-compliance, could limit our borrowing availability or result in a default under our credit agreement, materially adversely impacting our liquidity. Our credit agreement contains provisions that limit our future borrowing availability and set forth other customary covenants, including certain restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, consolidate or merge, enter into acquisitions, make investments, pay any dividend or distribution on our stock, redeem, repurchase or retire shares of our stock, or pledge or dispose of assets. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the financial and other covenants in our senior debt agreements. Our failure to comply with these covenants could cause us to be unable to borrow under the credit agreement and may constitute an event of default under our senior debt agreements, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of the maturity of any indebtedness then outstanding under our senior debt agreements and, which would require us to pay all amounts then outstanding. Such an event would materially adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity. Additionally, such events of non-compliance could impact the terms of any additional borrowings and/or any credit renewal terms. Any failure to comply with such covenants may be a disclosable event and may be perceived negatively. Such perception could adversely affect the market price for our common stock and our ability to obtain financing in the future. Our net operating loss carry-forwards provide a future benefit only if we regain sustained profitability and may be subject to limitation based upon ownership changes. We have significant federal net operating loss carry-forwards and state net operating loss carry-forwards. If we are unable to regain sustained profitability, we will not be able to fully utilize these tax benefits. Furthermore, generally a change of more than 50% in the ownership of a company’s stock, by value, over a three-year period constitutes an ownership change for federal income tax purposes. An ownership change may limit a company’s ability to use its net operating loss carry-forwards attributable to the period prior to such change. As a result, our ability to use our net operating loss carry-forwards attributable to the period prior to such ownership change to offset taxable income could be subject to limitations in a particular year, which could potentially result in our increased future tax liability. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Our shareholders may experience substantial dilution in the value of their investment or may otherwise have their interests impaired to the extent we issue additional shares of our common stock. Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, allow us to issue up to 50 million shares, consisting of 20 million shares of our common stock and 30 million shares of our preferred stock. We may in the future issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock, which could result in substantial dilution to the interests of existing shareholders. Additionally, to raise additional capital, we may in the future sell additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock at prices that are lower than the prices paid by existing shareholders, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing shareholders, which could result in substantial dilution to the interests of existing shareholders. If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock may continue to depend, in part, on the research reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us and our peer group companies. If these analysts do not continue to provide adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our stock, lowers our stock’s price target or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 14 

 We are not currently paying dividends on our common stock and will likely continue not paying dividends for the foreseeable future. We have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the continued operation of our business and repay our senior debt. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, the terms of our existing revolving credit agreement restrict the payment of cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board deems relevant. The restrictions on, and decision not to, pay dividends on our common stock may impact our ability to attract certain investors and raise funds, if necessary, in the capital markets. Anti-takeover provisions included in the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law, provisions in our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws could delay or prevent a change of control of our company, which could adversely impact the value of our common stock and may prevent or frustrate attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current Board or management. A change of control of our company may be discouraged, delayed or prevented by certain provisions of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law. These provisions generally restrict a broad range of business combinations between a Wisconsin corporation and a shareholder owning 15% or more of our outstanding common stock. These and other provisions in our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, including our staggered Board and our ability to issue “blank check” preferred stock, as well as the provisions of our Amended and Restated Bylaws and Wisconsin law, could make it more difficult for shareholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our Board or initiate actions that are opposed by our then-current Board, including to delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company or result in a lower price per share paid to our shareholders. In addition, our employment arrangements with senior management provide for severance payments and accelerated vesting of benefits, including accelerated vesting of stock options and restricted stock awards, upon a change of control and a subsequent qualifying termination. These provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby adversely affecting the market price of our common stock. These provisions may also discourage or prevent a change of control or result in a lower price per share paid to our shareholders. The market price of our common stock could be adversely affected by future sales of our common stock in the public market by us or our executive officers and directors. We and our executive officers and directors may from time to time sell shares of our common stock in the public market or otherwise. We cannot predict the size or the effect, if any, that future sales of shares of our common stock by us or our executive officers and directors, or the perception of such sales, will have on the market price of our common stock. The price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile. Historically, the market price of our common stock has fluctuated over a wide range, and it is likely that the price of our common stock will continue to be volatile in the future. The market price of our common stock could be impacted due to a variety of factors, including: • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results or our competitors’ operating results; • our ability to achieve our analysts’ results of operations expectations; • actual or anticipated changes in the growth rate of the general LED lighting industry, our growth rates or our competitors’ growth rates; • conditions in the financial markets in general or changes in general economic conditions; • novel and unforeseen market forces and trading strategies; • actual or anticipated changes in governmental regulation, including taxation and tariff policies; • interest rate or currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 15 

 • our ability to forecast or report accurate financial results; and • changes in stock market analyst recommendations regarding our common stock, other comparable companies or our industry generally. Our quarterly revenue and operating results have fluctuated in the past and will likely vary from quarter to quarter in the future. Our results for any particular quarter are not an indication of our future performance. Our revenue and operating results may fall below the expectations of market analysts or investors in some future quarter or quarters. Our failure to meet these expectations could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. If the price of our common stock is volatile or falls significantly, we may be the target of securities litigation or could be delisted from NASDAQ. If we become involved in this type of litigation or are delisted, regardless of the outcome, we could incur substantial legal costs, management’s attention could be diverted from the operation of our business, and our reputation could be damaged, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, due to one or more of the foregoing factors in one or more future quarters, our results of operations may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. In the event any of the foregoing occur, the market price of our common stock could be highly volatile and may materially decline. Operational Risks Our products use components and raw materials that may be subject to price fluctuations, shortages or interruptions of supply, including semiconductor chips. If we are unable to maintain supply sources of our components and raw materials or if our sources fail to satisfy our supply requirements, we may lose sales and experience increased component costs. We are vulnerable to price increases, as well as transportation and delivery delays, for components and raw materials that we require for our products, including aluminum, copper, certain rare earth minerals, semiconductor chips, power supplies and LED chips and modules. In particular, we utilize semiconductor chips in our LED lighting products and control sensors. For example, our ability to source semiconductor chips has been adversely affected in the recent past and could occur again. Difficulty in sourcing necessary components in the past has resulted in increased component delivery lead times, delays in our product production and increased costs to obtain components with available semiconductor chips. To the extent a semiconductor chip shortage occurs or our ability to acquire the parts necessary to conduct our business operations, such as other necessary finished goods, is materially affected, our production ability and results of operations will be adversely affected. Limitations inherent within our supply chain of certain of our components, raw materials and finished goods, including competitive, governmental and legal limitations, natural disasters, and other events, could impact costs and future increases in the costs of these items. For example, the adoption of new tariffs by the United States administration or by other countries could continue to adversely affect our profitability and availability of raw materials and components, as there can be no assurance that future price increases will be successfully passed through to customers or that we will be able to find alternative suppliers. Further, suppliers’ inventories of certain components that our products require may be limited and are subject to acquisition by others and we may not, as a result, have the necessary inventory of parts and goods necessary to conduct our operations. We have in the past purchased excess quantities of certain components critical to our product manufacturing, but there is no guarantee that we will be able to follow or continue to follow this practice in the future. As a result, we have had, and may need to continue, to devote additional working capital to support component and raw material inventory purchases that may not be used over a reasonable period to produce saleable products, and we may be required to increase our excess and obsolete inventory reserves to account for these excess quantities, particularly if demand for our products does not meet our expectations. Also, any further delays, shortages or interruptions in the supply of our components or raw materials could further disrupt our operations. If any of these events occur, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Our inability to successfully manage the implementation of a new Enterprise Resource Planning (“ERP”) system may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows and may adversely impact the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. We are currently implementing a new ERP system. ERP implementations are complex, labor intensive, and time-consuming projects, which also involve substantial expenditures on system software and implementation activities. Our new ERP system will be 
 16 

 important to our ability to provide important information to our management, obtain, and deliver products, provide services and customer support, accurately maintain books and records, provide accurate, timely and reliable reports on our financial and operating results, and otherwise operate our business. ERP implementations also require transformation of business and financial processes in order to reap the benefits of the ERP system. Any such implementation involves risks inherent in the conversion to a new computer system technology solution, including loss of information and potential disruption to our normal operations. The implementation and maintenance of the new ERP system will require the investment of significant financial and human resources, the re-engineering of processes of our business, and the attention of many employees who would otherwise be focused on other aspects of our business. Our results of operations could be adversely affected if we experience time delays or cost overruns during the ERP implementation process, or if we are unable to reap the benefits we expect from the new ERP system. Any material deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new ERP system could also result in potentially materially higher costs and could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and otherwise negatively affect our financial reporting and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The success of our EV segment ultimately depends on consumers’ willingness to adopt electric vehicles in an unstable and changing market. Our EV segment is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of EVs, and we are subject to a risk of any reduced demand for EVs. If the market for EVs does not gain broader market acceptance, develops slower than we expect or faces a setback, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be harmed. The market for alternative fuel vehicles is relatively new, rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, price competition, additional competitors, evolving government regulation and industry standards, frequent new vehicle announcements, long development cycles for EV original equipment manufacturers, and changing consumer demands and behaviors. Recent or potential future changes in government and regulatory support for EV adoption, including incentives, mandates, infrastructure investment and emissions regulations and federal funding for EV infrastructure development, may negatively impact the adoption by consumers of EVs. For example, on January 20, 2025, President Trump signed Executive Order 14154 “Unleashing American Energy”, which has had, and may continue to have, direct implications on the policies and regulations that impact the automotive and transportation industries, including the rescission of waivers granted by the EPA for zero emission vehicle regulations. Moreover, federal support for EV adoption generally may be in jeopardy under the current administration, as prior executive orders directing the federal government to transition to an all-electric fleet of cars and trucks have been rescinded. Additionally, the Trump administration halted significant federal funding for EV infrastructure and ordered the termination of federal subsidy programs for EVs. While the freeze on federal funding for EV infrastructure has since been lifted, federal subsidy programs for EVs have been terminated. Such disruption, reduction or elimination of governmental support for EV adoption, including any future reduction or elimination in federal funding for EV infrastructure development, could negatively impact demand for our products and services. The current administration has also proposed further increases of tariffs on certain foreign imports into the United States. In addition to adversely impacting our ability to source components for our charging network and the cost of such components, new or increased tariffs may also result in a suppressed EV market, fewer EVs on the road and lower demand for EV chargers, which would have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Other factors that may influence the purchase and use of alternative fuel vehicles, specifically EVs, include: • perceptions about EV quality, safety (in particular with respect to lithium-ion battery packs), design, performance and cost, especially if adverse events or accidents occur that are linked to the quality or safety of EVs; • the limited range over which EVs may be driven on a single battery charge and concerns about running out of power while in use; • concerns regarding the stability of the electrical grid; • improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine; • consumers’ desire and ability to purchase a luxury automobile or one that is perceived as exclusive; 
 17 

 • the environmental consciousness of consumers; • volatility in the cost of oil and gasoline; • consumers’ perceptions of the dependency of the United States on oil from unstable or hostile countries and the impact of international conflicts; • government regulations and economic incentives promoting fuel efficiency and alternate forms of energy, or the reduction or elimination thereof; • access to charging stations, standardization of EV charging systems and consumers’ perceptions about convenience and cost to charge an EV; and • the availability of tax and other governmental incentives to purchase and operate EVs or future regulation requiring increased use of nonpolluting vehicles. The influence of any of the factors described above may negatively impact the widespread consumer adoption of EVs, which could materially and adversely affect our EV segment business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. The reduction or elimination of incentives from the United States government for investments in EV charging infrastructure may reduce demand for public EV charging products, in addition to reducing overall demand for EVs. The current administration has paused and rescinded policies relating to investment in EV charging infrastructure, and there is uncertainty over what public policy with respect to EV charging infrastructure will be under the current or future administrations. For example, the current administration has directed agencies to pause disbursement of funds appropriated through two laws signed by the previous administration - the Inflation Reduction Act and Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act - including funding for EV charging stations. The infrastructure law allocated $7.5 billion to building out a network of public plugs across the country. Additionally, spending has been halted under programs such as the National Electric Vehicle Infrastructure (NEVI) program, which provides funding for building out EV charging infrastructure, and prior approvals of funding under the NEVI program have been rescinded. The halt of, and potential elimination of, incentives from the United States Government may decrease demand for, funding of and profitability of EV charging products. In connection with the reduction in incentives for investments in EV charging infrastructure, demand for at home charging products may outpace demand for public charging products, which will adversely impact demand for our products and services. We do not have major sources of recurring revenue, a substantial portion of our revenues are derived from project-based work that is awarded through a competitive bid process and we depend upon a limited number of customers in any given period to generate a substantial portion of our revenue. The reduction of revenue from our most significant customer over the past several fiscal years has had, and the potential future loss of other significant customers or a major customer would likely have, a materially adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and it is generally difficult to predict the timing and success rate of the projects that we bid and will be awarded. A substantial portion of our revenues are derived from project-based work that is awarded through a competitive bid process. It is generally difficult to predict the timing and success rate of the projects that we bid and will be awarded. In prior fiscal years, one customer represented more than 40% of total revenues, which has not recurred in recent fiscal years. The reduction of revenue from this customer has had a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. While this customer continues to be a substantial source of business for us (26.0% of our fiscal 2026 revenue), we continue to attempt to diversify our customer base and expand our reach to national accounts, ESCOs, the agent driven distribution channel, lighting maintenance customers and the EV market, there is no assurance we will be successful in replacing this reduced revenue. Additionally, even as we progress toward diversifying our customer base, timing of execution on projects with new or additional customers is unpredictable. Our ability to achieve our desired revenue and profitability goals depends on our ability to effectively and timely execute on our key strategic initiatives. Our ability to achieve our desired revenue and profitability goals depends on how effectively and timely we execute on our following key strategic initiatives: • executing and marketing our turnkey LED retrofit capabilities to large national account customers; 
 18 

 • continuing our product innovation; • leveraging our smart lighting systems to support IoT applications; • expanding our EV charging business, including increasing cross selling our EV charging solutions to our historical sales channels and customers; • further developing and maintaining our maintenance service offerings; and • supporting the success of our ESCO and distribution sales channels. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement these initiatives or, even if implemented, that they will result in the anticipated benefits to our business. If our information technology systems security measures are breached or fail, our products may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop buying our products, we may incur significant legal and financial exposure, and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Our information technology systems involve the storage of our confidential information and trade secrets, as well as our customers’ personal and proprietary information in our equipment, networks and corporate systems. Security breaches, including cybersecurity breaches, expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation and increased costs for security measures, loss of revenue, damage to our reputation and potential liability. Security breaches or unauthorized access may result in a combination of significant legal and financial exposure, increased remediation and other costs, theft and/or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information, damage to our reputation and a loss of confidence in the security of our products, services and networks that could have an adverse effect upon our business. While we take steps to prevent unauthorized access to our corporate systems, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or sabotage systems change frequently or may be designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. Further, the risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber attacks, or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as cyber attacks have become more prevalent and harder to detect and fight against. In addition, hardware, software or applications we procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise network and data security. Any breach or failure of our information technology systems could result in decreased revenue, increased expenses, increased capital expenditures, customer dissatisfaction and potential lawsuits, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We increasingly rely on third-party manufacturers for the manufacture and development of our products and product components. We have increased our utilization of third-party manufacturers for the manufacture and development of our products and product components, some of which are located overseas. Our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected if our third-party manufacturers were to experience problems with product quality, credit or liquidity issues, or supply chain and logistics that could cause delays in delivery of the finished products and components or the raw materials used to make such products and components. Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks Government tariffs and other actions have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business. The United States government has, from time to time, implemented various monetary, regulatory, and trade importation restraints, penalties, and tariffs, and as a result of changes to United States and foreign government administrative policy, there may be changes to existing trade agreements, greater restrictions on free trade generally, the imposition of or significant increases in tariffs on goods imported into the United States, and adverse responses by foreign governments to United States trade policies, among other possible changes. The current United States administration is pursuing a wide range of monetary, regulatory and trade policies, including the imposition of significant tariffs on certain imports into the United States. Foreign governments, including the Chinese government, have announced their intent to implement or increase tariffs on imports from the United States in response. Certain sourced finished products 
 19 

 and certain of the components used in our products have been impacted by tariffs imposed on imports. Our efforts to mitigate the impact of added costs resulting from these government actions include a variety of activities, such as sourcing from non-tariff impacted countries and raising prices. We intend to implement such changes to try to pass the impact of tariff price increases to our customers, but there can be no assurance our customers will accept such price increases or that such price increases will not reduce or ability to gain new orders. If we are unable to successfully mitigate the impacts of these tariffs and other trade policies, our results of operations may be adversely affected. It remains unclear what the current United States administration or foreign governments will or will not do in the future with respect to tariffs or trade agreements and policies. A trade war, other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements, changes in United States social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories and countries where we currently purchase, manufacture and sell products, and any resulting negative sentiments towards the United States as a result of such changes, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Changes in government budget priorities, including the rollback of EV initiatives, political gridlock, and future potential government shutdown, have negatively impacted, and may in the future continue to negatively impact, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our business strategy may rely, in part, on regulatory support for EV adoption, including incentives, mandates, infrastructure investment and emissions regulations and federal funding for EV infrastructure development. However, on January 20, 2025, President Trump signed Executive Order 14154 “Unleashing American Energy”, which has had, and may continue to have, direct implications on the policies and regulations that impact the automotive and transportation industries, including the rescission of waivers granted by the EPA for zero emission vehicle regulations. Moreover, federal support for EV adoption generally may be in jeopardy under the current administration, as prior executive orders directing the federal government to transition to an all-electric fleet of cars and trucks have been rescinded. Additionally, the Trump administration temporarily halted significant federal funding for EV infrastructure and successfully ordered the termination of federal subsidy programs for EVs. Such disruption, reduction or elimination of governmental support for EV adoption, including any future reduction or elimination of federal funding, for EV infrastructure development, could negatively impact demand and payment for our products and services, hinder our growth initiatives and materially affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, future actual and perceived changes in governmental budget priorities, and future potential government shutdowns, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Certain government agencies purchase certain products and services directly from us. When the government changes budget priorities, such as in times of war, financial crisis or a changed administration, or reallocates spending to areas unrelated to our business, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows can be negatively impacted. For example, demand and payment for our products and services may be affected by public sector budgetary cycles, funding authorizations or rebates. Continued or additional future funding reductions or delays, including delays caused by political gridlock, and future potential government shutdowns, could negatively impact demand and payment for our products and services. If any of these events occur, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. The reduction or elimination of investments in, or incentives to adopt, LED lighting or the elimination of, or changes in, policies, incentives or rebates in certain states or countries that encourage the use of LEDs over some traditional lighting technologies could cause the growth in demand for our products to slow, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Reductions in (including as a result of any budgetary constraints), or the elimination of, government investment an