Item 1. Business General Overview As used in this Annual Report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms “we”, “us”, “our”, “Upexi”, and the “Company” mean Upexi, Inc., a Delaware corporation, originally formed as a Nevada corporation in September of 2018. The Company conducts its operations through its subsidiaries, which may change from time to time as a result of acquisitions, dispositions, and other corporate activities. Description of Business Our Company We are in the cryptocurrency industry and the management of cash assets through a cryptocurrency portfolio, primarily focused in Solana tokens and generating a yield from the treasury, primarily through staking of those tokens. We continue to be brand owners, selling our products wholesale and direct to consumers. Distribution and fulfillment of our products is done by a third-party specializing in these services. Our Solana Treasury Strategy Early in 2025, we updated and modified our cash management and treasury strategy to include holding digital currency assets directly on our balance sheet. This was a shift from before when we held excess cash primarily in FDIC-insured interest-bearing accounts. The change to adopt this strategy results from our intention to obtain the highest yield on excess cash and benefit from potential price appreciation. Under our new approach, our treasury policy focuses primarily on Solana (“SOL”). The approach involves applying a public-market treasury model to an asset that is considered earlier in its lifecycle than Bitcoin with respect to development, usage, and institutional adoption. Management will focus its resources on this digital asset strategy and a significant portion of the balance sheet will be allocated to holding Solana in the Company’s digital asset treasury. We will stake the vast majority of the Solana in our treasury to earn a staking yield and turn the treasury into a productive asset. Currently we are staking approximately 95% of our SOL treasury, and intend to maintain a similar or higher percentage going forward. Our treasury is intended to bring value to our shareholders in these ways: · We plan to utilize intelligent capital markets issuance - including the issuance of equity, convertible debt, and/or other instruments - where we may issue capital in an accretive fashion for the benefit of shareholders to purchase and hold more Solana. · We will stake the majority of the Solana in our treasury to earn a staking yield and turn the treasury into a productive asset. · We will purchase locked Solana at a discount to the current spot price, which will provide higher gains for our shareholders as the discount moves to par over time. Note that we are underpinned by Solana, which we believe is the leading high-performance blockchain and may see its price rise in the future. If this occurs, our Solana treasury will move up in value, also benefiting shareholders. Our Staking Program Pursuant to our treasury strategy, we will use our SOL in the treasury to generate a return through various opportunities with the most significant portion being allocated to our Staking Program. We will utilize several validators in the Staking Program to reduce our risk with a single validator and maximize the overall yield from the Staking Program. These Validators are scrutinized through our due diligence program and are initially only given a small amount of SOL for the Company to be able to verify the expected performance and yield, and to ensure that the validator should be included in our future allocation of SOL to validators. Management evaluates the validators on a routine basis around performance, yield, and economics, and makes monthly adjustments on the overall allocation of the SOL in the treasury based on our evaluation. Currently we have approximately 95% of our SOL treasury staked and expect to maintain this level in the future. 4 Table of Contents We maintain possession and control of the SOL when it is staked at all times. Native staking is generally considered a safe activity, as it is done in-protocol (i.e. is built into Solana itself), and as, unlike other networks, Solana has not implemented “slashing” penalties for validators that either intentionally misbehave or perform their duties poorly. As such, the major risk with staking is that we choose a validator with poor performance who realizes a low staking yield. Additionally, as part of the “activating” and “exiting” processes of SOL staking, any staked SOL will be inaccessible for a period of time determined by a range of factors, resulting in certain liquidity risks that we manage. Treasury Management Management routinely evaluates the treasury assets, the Company’s excess cash and the treasury operational performance. Based on these meetings, management determines excess cash to be allocated for the purchase of SOL, the allocation of the SOL treasury to staking, the allocation of SOL staked with each validator, and any SOL allocated to opportunities other than staking to improve the overall yield of the treasury. Management also evaluates the overall risk tolerance of the treasury and will take steps to reduce or eliminate that risk, such as the re-allocation of SOL staked to avoid a single point of failure. If it is determined to reduce the amount of the SOL dedicated to the Staking Program or it is determined to change the allocation of SOL to a validator, we will initiate an unstaking process and notify the validator of the change, which effectively reverses the delegation of the SOL from the applicable validator node. Solana has a cooldown period known as the “deactivation period,” which is the time it takes for the unstaked SOL to become fully liquid. During this period, the tokens are not actively earning rewards, but they are also not yet available for transfer or use. The length of this period can vary based on network conditions, but is generally expected to be 48 hours or less. Once the cooldown period is complete, the Company will have complete control over the SOL, including the ability to sell the SOL or transfer it as determined by management. Liquidity Management The Company’s Staking Program involves the temporary loss of the ability to transfer, assign a new validator or otherwise dispose of the SOL. Under normal conditions, the Company will regain complete control over its unstaked SOL within two days of initiating the unstaking. However, there can be no guarantee that such process will result in the Company regaining complete control of its SOL in time to satisfy its current obligations. We maintain a certain amount of unstaked liquid SOL in the treasury, classified as current digital assets at fair value and a certain amount of cash to ensure that the Company is able to satisfy its current obligations. How We Earn Staking Rewards To earn staking rewards, we delegate our SOL that is deposited within our custodian to leading Solana validators via Solana’s in-protocol delegation system. This means we delegate our SOL tokens to a validator’s vote account, while our tokens stay within our custodian’s control. We utilize native staking only, and stake to top validators who have demonstrated a track record of high performance, high yield generation, and attractive delegator economics. We use multiple validators to both maximize the return on our Solana treasury and to mitigate the risk of having only one or two validators for our treasury staking. SOL and the Solana Network SOL is a digital asset that is created and transmitted through the operations of the peer-to-peer Solana network (the “Solana blockchain” or “Solana network”), which is a decentralized network of computers operating the implementation of the Solana protocol. While certain entities such as Solana Labs, Inc. and the Solana Foundation have influence over the Solana network’s development and governance (which was particularly true during the network’s early years), no single entity owns or operates the Solana network, the infrastructure of which is collectively maintained by a decentralized user base. The Solana network allows the creation and exchange of tokens, including SOL, which are recorded on the Solana network. SOL can be used to pay for goods and services, including to sending a transaction on the Solana network, or it can be swapped for other tokens or converted to fiat currencies, such as the U.S. dollar, at rates determined on digital asset trading platforms or in individual end-user-to-end-user transactions under a market-based system. Furthermore, the Solana network allows users to write and implement general purpose code known as smart contracts or programs that create decentralized applications, and for users to openly interact with said decentralized applications. Using programs, users can create decentralized applications covering a variety of categories and subsectors, including borrow/lend protocols, decentralized exchanges, social applications, web3 gaming, tokenized assets, AI agents, decentralized physical infrastructure networks, and many more. As such, the Solana network expands blockchain use well beyond just a peer-to-peer money system. 5 Table of Contents The Solana protocol introduced the proof-of-history timestamping mechanism. Proof-of-history is not a consensus mechanism, but a cryptographic clock that enables greater organization without extensive communication, thereby increasing throughput. Proof-of-history enables leaders to know when it’s their turn to produce a block, rather than requiring the entire network to first come to an agreement on the prior block before the leader can begin their work. Solana is expected to undergo it's Alpenglow upgrade in late 2026, which will remove proof-of-history from Solana's consensus mechanism. In addition to the proof-of-history mechanism, the Solana network uses a proof-of-stake consensus mechanism to incentivize SOL holders to validate transactions. Unlike proof-of-work, in which miners expend computational and energy resources to be the miner to propose a block and receive the block reward, in proof-of-stake, validators pledge or “stake” coins, perform duties such as proposing or validating blocks, and receive staking rewards generally in proportion to the amount of coins staked. A validator that performs its duties poorly, whether maliciously or unintentionally, would receive fewer or no rewards. Proof-of-stake is viewed as more energy efficient and scalable than proof-of-work. Proof-of-history combined with a proof-of-stake consensus model are some of the components on Solana that enable high throughput and low-latency transaction processing. Overview of the Solana Network In order to own, transfer or use SOL directly on the Solana network on a peer-to-peer basis (as opposed to through an intermediary, such as a custodian or centralized exchange), a person generally must have internet access to connect to the Solana network and set up a wallet, which is the software that safeguards a user’s keypair (public key plus secret key). SOL transactions may be made directly between end-users without the need for an intermediary. To transact on the Solana network, a user, typically through an application such as a wallet or smart contract, will board the transaction to the current leader, who will organize the transactions into shards before the network processes and validates such transactions. Using cryptography and its proof-of-stake consensus mechanism, the Solana network can come to a shared state of the network in a decentralized fashion and without a centralized leader. Blocks are built on top of prior ones by subsequent leaders, continuing the process. Prior to transacting on Solana, a user generally must first install on his computer or mobile device a software program that will allow the user to generate a private and public key pair such as a wallet. The wallet also enables the user to connect to the Solana network, interact with decentralized applications, and transfer or swap tokens with other users or applications. Each user has his own key pair that is stored in such software, like a wallet. To receive SOL in a peer-to-peer transaction, the SOL recipient must provide its public key to the party initiating the transfer. This activity is analogous to a recipient for a transaction in U.S. dollars providing a routing address in wire instructions to the payor so that cash may be wired to the recipient’s account. The payor approves the transfer to the address provided by the recipient by “signing” a transaction that consists of the recipient’s public key with the private key of the address from where the payor is transferring the SOL. The recipient, however, does not make public or provide to the sender its private key (though the network can still verify the validity of the signature - i.e. that it was signed by the holder of the private key - using cryptography). With cold storage, our Custodian maintains all of the private keys. Neither the recipient nor the sender reveal their private keys in a peer-to-peer transaction because the private key authorizes transfer of the funds in that address to other users. Therefore, if a user loses their private key, the user may permanently lose access to the SOL contained in the associated address. Likewise, SOL is irretrievably lost if the private key associated with them is deleted and no backup has been made. When sending SOL, a user’s Solana network software program must validate the transaction with the sender’s associated private key. In addition, since every computation on the Solana network requires processing power, there is a mandatory transaction fee involved with the transfer that is paid by the payor. The resulting digitally validated transaction is sent by the user’s Solana network software program to the Solana network validators to allow transaction confirmation. 6 Table of Contents Solana network validators record and confirm transactions when they validate and add blocks of information to the Solana blockchain. When a validator is selected to validate a block, it creates that block, which includes data relating to (i) the verification of newly submitted and accepted transactions and (ii) a reference to the prior block in the Solana blockchain to which the new block is being added. The validator becomes aware of outstanding, unrecorded transaction requests through peer-to-peer data packet transmission and distribution discussed above. Upon the addition of a block of SOL transactions, the Solana network software program of both the spending party and the receiving party will show confirmation of the transaction on the Solana blockchain and reflect an adjustment to the SOL balance in each party’s Solana network public key, completing the SOL transaction. Once a transaction is confirmed on the Solana blockchain, it is irreversible. Some SOL transactions are conducted “off-blockchain” and are therefore not recorded on the Solana blockchain. These “off-blockchain transactions” involve the transfer of control over, or ownership of, a specific digital wallet holding SOL or the reallocation of ownership of certain SOL in a pooled-ownership digital wallet, such as a digital wallet owned by a digital asset trading platform. If a transaction takes place through a centralized digital asset exchange or a custodian’s internal books and records, it is not broadcast to the Solana network or recorded on the Solana blockchain. In contrast to on-blockchain transactions, which are publicly recorded on the Solana blockchain, information and data regarding off-blockchain transactions are generally not publicly available. Therefore, off-blockchain transactions are not truly SOL transactions in that they do not involve the transfer of transaction data on the Solana network and do not reflect a movement of SOL between addresses recorded on the Solana blockchain. For these reasons, off-blockchain transactions are not immutable or irreversible as any such transfer of SOL ownership is not cryptographically protected by the protocol behind the Solana network or recorded in, and validated through, the blockchain mechanism. Since inception, transaction fees on the Solana Network have comprised of a fixed rate of 0.000005 SOL per transaction, plus a variable fee component based on the computation resources used during the transaction. SOL holders can also pay an additional prioritization fee to expedite their transaction. Validators In proof-of-stake, validators risk or stake coins to be randomly selected to validate transactions and are rewarded for performing their responsibilities and behaving in accordance with protocol rules. Malfunctions that cause validators to go offline and, in turn, inhibit them from performing their duties can result in financial penalties. Any malicious activity, such as making incorrect attestations or otherwise violating protocol rules may result in lower rewards or the lost opportunity to gain rewards. The penalty varies depending on the type of offense and correlation to potential offenses by other validators. Validators are typically professional operations that design and build dedicated machines and data centers, including “clusters,” which are groups of validators that act cohesively and combine their processing to confirm transactions. When a validator confirms a transaction, the validator and any associated stakers receive a fee. During the course of ordering transactions and validating blocks, validators may be able to prioritize certain transactions in return for increased transaction fees, an incentive system known as “Maximal Extractable Value” or “MEV.” For example, in blockchain networks that facilitate DeFi protocols, such as the Solana network, users may attempt to gain an advantage over other users by offering greater transaction fees. Validators generally face less public-mempool MEV on Solana because, unlike Ethereum, Solana does not broadcast pending transactions through a globally visible mempool before they are included in a block. Staking rewards on the Solana network are determined by the protocol and are distributed to validators and their associated stakers based on the proportion of their stake relative to the total active stake in the network. The rewards are funded by inflationary issuance of new tokens and transaction fees collected on the network. The specific amount each validator and staker receives depends on, among other things, their share of the total stake, the validator’s uptime and performance, and the overall network conditions. 7 Table of Contents The historical range of staking rewards on the Solana network has varied due to differing levels of network congestion and protocol parameters. The actual annualized reward rate has fluctuated over time, reflecting changes in network activity, inflation rates, and protocol adjustments. Staking rewards on Solana are distributed at regular intervals. At the end of each epoch, with one epoch being roughly two days, the reward is calculated. The reward is automatically distributed at the beginning of the subsequent epoch. This regular reward frequency ensures that participants receive their share of rewards in a timely manner, reflecting their contribution to network security and transaction validation. How We Purchase or Sell Digital Assets Our management team reviews the Company’s short-term obligations and excess cash available to dedicate to the Treasury Strategy. When it is determined that the Company has excess cash available to dedicate to the Treasury Strategy, we deploy that capital into one of our custodians and through acquisition strategies with the custodians. We acquire the SOL over several days or weeks to maximize the number of SOL that is acquired with the capital deployed. If it is determined that the treasury needs to liquidate part of its SOL, the same process of selling the SOL into the market would be used. Use of Custodians and Storage of SOL Tokens We do not self-custody and only utilize third-party qualified custodians to hold our Solana. We use qualified custodians that utilize risk management and operational best practices around items like hot vs. cold storage, access controls, custody technology, insurance, etc. Our primary custodian is BitGo Trust Company, Inc. (“BitGo”). We also maintain a custodial relationship with Coinbase, Inc. and a few other custodians. Storage of Our Digital Assets in our SOL Treasury The Custodians The Custodians are responsible for safekeeping all of the SOL owned by the Company. We maintain multiple Custodians to reduce the risk of a single failure, and we plan to expand to additional custodians as our Treasury grows. The Custodian accounts are all opened by the Company, this segregates our assets into an individual custodian account owned by the Company and access is monitored and controlled by the Company. The assets go through the Custodians Trust Company, which maintains its own insurance and is regulated by their respective state where the trust is incorporated in. Our primary custodian is currently BitGo Bank & Trust, National Association, a national banking association chartered under the laws of the United States (“BitGo”), authorized by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), which is federally regulated. On May 1, 2025, we entered into a Custodial Services Agreement with BitGo (the “BitGo Agreement”) to hold our digital currency. The term of the BitGo Agreement is for one year with successive one-year renewals unless prior notice of non-renewal is given by either party. The Company pays BitGo a monthly digital asset storage fee based upon the market value of the assets in storage, plus $500. The BitGo Agreement is terminable by either the Company or BitGo on thirty days’ notice as a result of a breach of the Agreement and may be suspended by BitGo if the Company violates the intended use of the account or due to a change in the applicable law, litigation or bankruptcy. Our secondary custodian is Coinbase Inc., a subsidiary of Coinbase Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which is primarily used for the acquisition of digital assets. On May 5, 2025, the Company entered into an Institutional Client Agreement with Coinbase (the “Coinbase Agreement”). The Coinbase Agreement is terminable at will by either the Company or Coinbase. The Company pays Coinbase its regularly scheduled fees based on the dollar trading volume over a thirty-day period. The Coinbase Agreement is terminable by either the Company or Coinbase on ten days’ notice as a result of a breach of the Agreement and may be suspended by Coinbase if the Company violates the intended use of the account or due to a change in the applicable law, governmental proceeding, litigation or bankruptcy. Coinbase may also close the Company’s account if it has been inactive for more than one year. 8 Table of Contents BitGo maintains a $250,000,000 policy against loss, theft, and misuse. On June 30, 2026, we have approximately $165,300,682 of treasury value at BitGo, based on the SOL price of $73.52 per token. Coinbase has an insurance policy for any cash held in the account of $250,000. We currently do not have a material amount of cash or SOL held at Coinbase. If there was a major event resulting in a significant loss of assets held at our custodians, these policies are unlikely adequate to fully cover the loss of our assets held at the custodian. Solana, as with all digital assets, can be highly volatile. Management reviews the account balances and the total value held with a custodian to allocate the Company’s holdings between multiple accounts and custodians to mitigate risk. We do not use self-storage for any of the SOL treasury assets. Private keys are generated by the Custodian in key generation ceremonies at secure locations using offline devices that have never been connected to a network. Private keys are generated according to detailed procedures using specialized offline devices and within these secure facilities to mitigate risk of hacks, errors, or other unintended external exposure. Key ceremony processes are highly controlled, require segregation of duties across multiple parties and are reviewed and witnessed by designated oversight personnel. Thorough validations and signoffs are performed to verify the integrity and security of key generation ceremonies. The Custodians hold a majority of SOL in cold storage and provides a user interface for the Company to manage the allocation of SOL between cold and hot storage for the wallets. The Company maintains more than 95% of its SOL treasury in cold wallets. The Custodians have multiple, redundant cold storage sites, which are geographically distributed including sites within the United States. Cold storage locations of the Custodian are monitored by 24x7 on-site security, video surveillance and alarms, hardened room structures, and access to these facilities is controlled by multi-person controls, multi-team access rules, and multi-factor authentication. The locations of the cold storage sites may change at the discretion of the Custodian and are kept confidential by the Custodian for security purposes. Transactions from cold to hot storage require physical access, according to the above controls, to one or more cold storage facilities, as well as systematically enforced approvals and integrity verifications, before the secure device can be used to cryptographically complete the transaction. At no point during this process is the private key removed from the secure device(s) nor the cold storage facility. Once these security processes have been completed, a transfer on the Solana network can be executed, as signed using the private keys held offline in cold storage. The Custodians also maintain geographically dispersed backups of private keys, which are cryptographically generated into shards and stored in separate locations; multiple locations must be accesse