Item 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks, uncertainties and other factors described below, in addition to the other information set forth in this Form 10-K, before making an investment decision. Any of these risks, uncertainties and other factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects. In that case, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. See also “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Risks Related to Upexi Upexi does not anticipate paying any dividends on its common stock. No dividends have been paid on Upexi’s common stock. Upexi does not intend to pay cash dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future, and anticipate that profits, if any, received from operations will be reinvested into its business. Any decision to pay dividends will depend upon its financial condition, operating results, and current and anticipated cash needs. You may experience additional dilution in the future. To raise additional capital, Upexi may in the future offer additional securities, including shares of its common stock, at prices that may not be the same as the price per share in this offering. Upexi may sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is less than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price per share at which Upexi sells additional shares of common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share paid by investors in prior offerings. Furthermore, sales of a substantial number of shares of Upexi’s common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the market price of Upexi’s common stock. Shares eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market. From time to time, certain of Upexi’s stockholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act, subject to certain limitations. In general, pursuant to recent amendments to Rule 144, a non-affiliate stockholder who has satisfied a six-month holding period may, under certain circumstances, sell its shares, without limitation. Any substantial sale of Upexi’s common stock pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to any resale (including sales by investors of securities purchased in prior offerings) may have a material adverse effect on the market price of the common stock. 15 Table of Contents Our limited operating history makes it difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business prospects and management. The Company was incorporated on September 5, 2018, and only commenced operations thereafter. Moreover, the Company only shifted to a digital asset treasury strategy, our principal business, in April 2025. Accordingly, we have a limited operating history upon which to base an evaluation of our business and prospects. Operating results for future periods are subject to numerous uncertainties, and we cannot assure you that the Company will achieve or sustain profitability in the future. The Company’s prospects must be considered in light of the risks encountered by companies in the early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. Future operating results will depend upon many factors, including our success in attracting and retaining motivated and qualified personnel, our ability to establish short-term credit lines or obtain financing from other sources, our ability to develop and market new products, our ability to control costs, and general economic conditions. We cannot assure you that the Company will successfully address any of these risks. There can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately be able to attain profitability. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be harmed. Our commercial success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain appropriate intellectual property protection in the United States and foreign countries with respect to our proprietary formulations and products. Our ability to successfully implement our business plan depends on our ability to build and maintain brand recognition using trademarks, service marks, trade dress and other intellectual property. We may rely on trade secrets, trademark, patent and copyright laws, and confidentiality and other agreements with employees and third parties, all of which offer only limited protection. The steps we have taken and the steps we will take to protect our proprietary rights may not be adequate to preclude misappropriation of our proprietary information or infringement of our intellectual property rights. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are unsuccessful or inadequate, or if any third party misappropriates or infringes on our intellectual property, the value of our brands may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and prevent our brands from achieving or maintaining market acceptance. Protecting against unauthorized use of our trademarks and other intellectual property rights may be expensive, difficult and in some cases not possible. In some cases, it may be difficult or impossible to detect third-party infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights and proving any such infringement may be even more difficult. We may not be able to effectively manage growth. As we continue to grow our business and develop products, we expect to need additional research, development, managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial, accounting, legal and other resources. The Company expects its growth to place a substantial strain on its managerial, operational, and financial resources. The Company cannot assure that it will be able to effectively manage the expansion of its operations, or that its facilities, systems, procedures, or controls will be adequate to support its operations. The Company’s inability to manage future growth effectively would have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our management may not be able to control costs in an effective or timely manner. The Company’s management has made reasonable efforts to assess, predict, and control costs and expenses. However, the Company only has a brief operating history upon which to base those efforts. Implementing our business plan may require more employees, capital equipment, supplies or other expenditure items than management has predicted. Likewise, the cost of compensating employees and consultants or other operating costs may be higher than management’s estimates, which could lead to sustained losses. 16 Table of Contents We expect our quarterly financial results to fluctuate. We expect our net sales and operating results to vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, including changes in: · Demand for our products; · Our ability to obtain and retain existing customers or encourage repeat purchases; · Our ability to manage our product inventory; · General economic conditions, both domestically and in foreign markets; · Advertising and other marketing costs; and · Costs of creating and expanding product lines. As a result of the variability of these and other factors, our operating results in future quarters may be below the expectations of our stockholders. We are subject to the reporting requirements of U.S. federal securities laws, which can be expensive. We are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and other federal securities laws, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited consolidated financial statements to stockholders will cause our expenses to be higher than they would have if we had remained privately held. In addition, it may be time-consuming, difficult, and costly for us to develop and implement the corporate governance requirements, internal controls and reporting procedures required by the federal securities laws. This may divert management’s attention from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may need to hire additional financial reporting, internal controls, and other finance personnel in order to develop and implement appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures. Cybersecurity breaches of our IT systems could degrade our ability to conduct our business operations and deliver products and services to our customers, delay our ability to recognize revenue, compromise the integrity of our software products, result in significant data losses and the theft of our intellectual property, damage our reputation, expose us to liability to third parties and require us to incur significant additional costs to maintain the security of our networks and data. We increasingly depend upon our IT systems to conduct virtually all of our business operations, ranging from our internal operations and product development activities to our marketing and sales efforts and communications with our customers and business partners. Computer programmers may attempt to penetrate our network security, or that of our website, and misappropriate our proprietary information or cause interruptions of our service. Because the techniques used by such computer programmers to access or sabotage networks change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including “bugs” and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system. We have also outsourced a number of our business functions to third-party contractors, including our manufacturers and logistics providers, and our business operations also depend, in part, on the success of our contractors’ own cybersecurity measures. Similarly, we rely upon distributors, resellers, and system integrators to sell our products and our sales operations depend, in part, on the reliability of their cybersecurity measures. Additionally, we depend upon our employees to appropriately handle confidential data and deploy our IT resources in a safe and secure fashion that does not expose our network systems to security breaches and the loss of data. Accordingly, if our cybersecurity systems and those of our contractors fail to protect against unauthorized access, sophisticated cyberattacks and the mishandling of data by our employees and contractors, our ability to conduct our business effectively could be damaged in a number of ways. We may incur significant costs and require significant management resources to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and any failure to comply or any adverse result from such evaluation may have an adverse effect on our stock price. As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, we will be required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Section 404”) and to include an internal control report. This report must include management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal year. This report must also include disclosure of any material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that we have identified. Failure to comply, or any adverse results from such an evaluation could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on the trading price of our equity securities. 17 Table of Contents Our failure to meet the continuing listing requirements of the NASDAQ Capital Market could result in a delisting of our securities. If we fail to satisfy the continuing listing requirements of NASDAQ, such as the corporate governance, stockholders’ equity or minimum closing bid price requirements, NASDAQ may take steps to delist our common stock. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, we would likely take actions to restore our compliance with NASDAQ’s listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our securities, prevent our common stock from dropping below the NASDAQ minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with NASDAQ’s listing requirements. Although we do not currently satisfy the stockholders' equity requirement of Rule 5550(b)(1), we believe we are in compliance with Nasdaq's continued listing requirements because we satisfy the alternative Market Value of Listed Securities Standard set forth in Rule 5550(b)(2), which requires a minimum market value of listed securities of at least $35,000,000. As of September 8, 2026, the market value of our listed securities was approximately $85.0 million. A company listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market must meet at least one of the three standards set forth in Rule 5550(b) - the Equity Standard, the Market Value of Listed Securities Standard, or the Net Income Standard - in addition to the other continued listing requirements under Rule 5550(a). We will incur increased costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies, which could adversely affect our operating results. As a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, including costs associated with public company reporting and corporate governance requirements. These requirements include compliance with Section 404 and other provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and the NASDAQ. In addition, our management team will also have to adapt to the requirements of being a public company. We expect complying with these rules and regulations will substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. The increased costs associated with operating as a public company will decrease our net income or increase our net loss and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products. Additionally, if these requirements divert our management’s attention from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. As a public company, we also expect that it may be more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as our executive officers. We are eligible to be treated as a “smaller reporting company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited consolidated financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $250 million as of the prior the end of our second fiscal quarter ending December 31 of each year, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior to the end of our second fiscal quarter ending December 31 of each year. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our consolidated financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. After we are no longer an “smaller reporting company,” we expect to incur additional management time and cost to comply with the more stringent reporting requirements applicable to companies that are deemed accelerated filers or large accelerated filers, including complying with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 18 Table of Contents Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry We operate in a highly competitive environment, and if we are unable to compete with our competitors, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be materially adversely affected. We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our competition includes all other companies that are in the business of producing or distributing hemp-based products for personal use or consumption. Many of our competitors have greater resources that may enable them to compete more effectively than us in the CBD industry. Some of our competitors have a longer operating history and greater capital resources, facilities, and product line diversity, which may enable them to compete more effectively in this market. Our competitors may devote their resources to developing and marketing products that will directly compete with our product lines. The Company expects to face additional competition from existing competitors and new market entrants. If a significant number of new entrants enter the market in the near term, the Company may experience increased competition for market share and may experience downward pricing pressure on the Company’s products as new entrants increase production. Such competition may cause us to encounter difficulties in generating revenues and market share, and in positioning our products in the market. If we are unable to successfully compete with existing companies and new entrants to the market, our lack of competitive advantage will have a negative impact on our business and financial condition. Unfavorable publicity or consumer perception of our products or similar products developed and distributed by other companies could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, which could result in decreased sales and fluctuations in our business, financial condition and results of operations. We depend on consumer perception regarding the safety and quality of our products, as well as similar products marketed and distributed by other companies. Consumer perception of hemp-based products can be significantly influenced by adverse publicity in the form of published scientific research, national media attention or other publicity, which may associate consumption of our products or other similar products with adverse effects or question the benefits and/or effectiveness of our products or similar products. A new product may initially be received favorably, resulting in high sales of that product, but that level of sales may not be sustainable as consumer preferences change over time. Future scientific research or publicity could be unfavorable to our industry or any of our particular products and may not be consistent with earlier favorable research or publicity. Unfavorable research or publicity could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate sales. Our failure to appropriately and timely respond to changing consumer preferences and demand for new products could significantly harm our customer relationships and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business is subject to changing consumer trends and preferences. Our failure to accurately predict or react to these trends could negatively impact on consumer opinion of us as a source for the latest products, which in turn could harm our customer relationships and cause us to lose market share. The success of our product offerings depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to: · Anticipate customer needs; · Innovate and develop new products; · Successfully introduce new products in a timely manner; · Price our products competitively with retail and online competitors; · Deliver our products in sufficient volumes and in a timely manner; and · Differentiate our product offerings from those of our competitors. If we do not introduce new products or make enhancements to meet the changing needs of our customers in a timely manner, some of our products could be rendered obsolete, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 19 Table of Contents Future acquisitions or strategic investments and partnerships could be difficult to identify and integrate with our business, disrupt our business, and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We may seek to acquire or invest in businesses and product lines that we believe could complement or expand our product offerings or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not the acquisitions are completed. Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. In addition, if an acquired business or product line fails to meet our expectations, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. Failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses and their products and other assets into our Company, or if integrated, failure to further our business strategy, may result in our inability to realize any benefit from such acquisition. We expect to grow by acquiring relevant businesses. The consummation and integration of any acquired business, product or other assets into our Company may be complex and time consuming and, if such businesses and assets are not successfully integrated, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits, cost-savings, or growth opportunities. Furthermore, these acquisitions and other arrangements, even if successfully integrated, may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose our Company to increased competition or other challenges with respect to our products or geographic markets, and expose us to additional liabilities associated with an acquired business, technology or other asset or arrangement. The failure to attract and retain key employees could hurt our business. Our success also depends upon our ability to attract and retain numerous highly qualified employees. The loss of one or more members of our management team or other key employees or consultants could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We face competition for personnel and consultants from other companies, universities, public and private research institutions, government entities and other organizations. Our failure to attract and retain skilled management and employees may prevent or delay us from pursuing certain opportunities. If we fail to successfully fill many management roles, fail to fully integrate new members of our management team, lose the services of key personnel, or fail to attract additional qualified personnel, it will be significantly more difficult for us to achieve our growth strategies and success. We face substantial risk of product liability claims and potential adverse product publicity. Like any other retailer, distributor or manufacturer of products that are designed to be ingested, we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, regulatory action and litigation if our products are alleged to have caused loss or injury. In the event we do not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnification, product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company is not currently a named defendant in any product liability lawsuit; however, other manufacturers and distributors of hemp-based products currently are or have been named as defendants in such lawsuits. The successful assertion or settlement of any uninsured claim, a significant number of insured claims, or a claim exceeding the Company’s insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on the Company. We could incur obligations resulting from the activities of our independent distributors. We sell our products through a network of independent distributors. Independent distributors are independent contractors who operate their own business separately and apart from the Company. We may not be able to control certain aspects of our distributors’ activities that may impact our business. If local laws and regulations, or the interpretation thereof, change and require us to treat our independent distributors as employees, or if our independent distributors are deemed by local regulatory authorities in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we operate to be our employees rather than independent contractors under existing laws and interpretations, we may be held responsible for a variety of obligations that are imposed upon employers relating to their employees, including employment-related taxes and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there is the possibility that some jurisdictions may seek to hold us responsible for false product or earnings-related claims due to the actions of our independent distributors. Liability for any of these issues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents If our independent distributors’ failure to comply with applicable advertising laws and regulations could adversely affect our financial conditions and results of operations. The advertisement of our products is subject to extensive regulations in the markets in which we do business. Our independent distributors may fail to comply with such regulations governing the advertising of our products. We cannot ensure that all marketing materials used by our independent distributors comply with applicable regulations, including bans on false or misleading product and earnings-related claims. If our independent distributors fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could be subjected to claims of false advertising, misrepresentation, significant financial penalties, and/or costly mandatory product recalls and relabeling requirements with respect to our products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Relating to Investing in Solana The launch of central bank digital currencies (“CBDCs”) may adversely impact our business. The introduction of a government-issued digital currency could eliminate or reduce the need or demand for private-sector issued cryptocurrencies or significantly limit their utility. National governments around the world could introduce CBDCs, which could in turn limit the size of the market opportunity for cryptocurrencies, including Solana. Absent federal regulations, there is a possibility that Solana may be classified as a “security.” Any classification of Solana as a “security” would subject us to additional regulation and could materially impact the operation of our business. We believe that Solana is not a security but neither the SEC nor any other U.S. federal or state regulator publicly stated whether they agree with our assessment. Despite the Trump Administration’s Executive Order titled “Strengthening American Leadership in Digital Financial Technology” which includes as an objective, “protecting and promoting the ability of individual citizens and private sector entities alike to access and … to maintain self-custody of digital assets,” Solana has not yet been classified with respect to U.S. federal securities laws. Therefore, while (for the reasons discussed below) we have concluded that Solana is not a “security” within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws, and registration of the Company under The Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”) is therefore not required under the applicable securities laws, we acknowledge that a regulatory body or federal court may determine otherwise. Our conclusion, even if reasonable under the circumstances, would not preclude legal or regulatory action based on such a finding that Solana is a “security” which would require us to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. We have also adapted our process for analyzing the U.S. federal securities law status of Solana and other cryptocurrencies over time, as guidance and case law have evolved. As part of our U.S. federal securities law analytical process, we take into account a number of factors, including the various definitions of “security” under U.S. federal securities laws and federal court decisions interpreting the elements of these definitions, such as the U.S. Supreme Court’s decisions in the Howey and Reves cases, as well as court rulings, reports, orders, press releases, public statements, and speeches by the SEC Commissioners and SEC Staff providing guidance on when a digital asset or a transaction to which a digital asset may relate may be a security for purposes of U.S. federal securities laws. Our position that Solana is not a “security” is premised, among other reasons, on our conclusion Solana does not meet the elements of the Howey test. Among the reasons for our conclusion that Solana is not a security is that holders of Solana do not have a reasonable expectation of profits from our efforts in respect of their holding of Solana. Also, Solana ownership does not convey the right to receive any interest, rewards, or other returns. We acknowledge, however, that the SEC, a federal court, or another relevant entity could take a different view. The regulatory treatment of Solana is such that it has drawn significant attention from legislative and regulatory bodies, in particular the SEC which has previously stated it deemed Solana a security. Application of securities laws to the specific facts and circumstances of digital assets is complex and subject to change. Our conclusion, even if reasonable under the circumstances, would not preclude legal or regulatory action based on a finding that Solana, or any other digital asset we might hold is a “security.” As such, we are at risk of enforcement proceedings against us, which could result in potential injunctions, cease-and-desist orders, fines, and penalties if Solana was determined to be a security by a regulatory body or a court. Such developments could subject us to fines, penalties, and other damages, and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 21 Table of Contents If we were deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 Act, applicable restrictions likely would make it impractical for us to continue segments of our business as currently contemplated. Under Sections 3(a)(1)(A) and (C) of the 1940 Act, a company generally will be deemed to be an “investment company” if (i) it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities or (ii) it engages, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading in securities and it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities, shares of registered money market funds under Rule 2a-7 of the 1940 Act, and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Rule 3a-1 under the 1940 Act generally provides that notwithstanding the Section 3(a)(1)(C) test described in clause (ii) above, an entity will not be deemed to be an “investment company” for purposes of the 1940 Act if no more than 45% of the value of its assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities, shares of registered money market funds under Rule 2a-7 of the 1940 Act, and cash items) consists of, and no more than 45% of its net income after taxes (for the past four fiscal quarters combined) is derived from, securities other than U.S. government securities, shares of registered money market funds under Rule 2a-7 of the 1940 Act, securities issued by employees’ securities companies, securities issued by qualifying majority owned subsidiaries of such entity, and securities issued by qualifying companies that are controlled primarily by such entity. We do not believe that we are an “investment company” as such term is defined in either Section 3(a)(1)(A) or Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act. Since our formation, we have been a brand owner specializing in the development, manufacturing and distribution of consumer products. Recently, we have begun focusing on pursuing opportunities to expand our portfolio into coins, digital assets and M&A in the fintech space. With respect to Section 3(a)(1)(A), we hold an amount of Solana which exceeds 40% of our total assets. Since we believe Solana is not an investment security, we do not hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily, or propose to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities within the meaning of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act. With respect to Section 3(a)(1)(C), we believe we satisfy the elements of Rule 3a-1 and therefore are deemed not to be an investment company under, and we intend to conduct our operations such that we will not be deemed an investment company under, Section 3(a)(1)(C). We believe that we are not an investment company pursuant to Rule 3a-1 under the 1940 Act because, on a consolidated basis with respect to wholly-owned subsidiaries but otherwise on an unconsolidated basis, no more than 45% of the value of the Company’s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities, shares of registered money market funds under Rule 2a-7 of the 1940 Act, and cash items) consists of, and no more than 45% of the Company’s net income after taxes (for the last four fiscal quarters combined) is derived from, securities other than U.S. government securities, shares of registered money market funds under Rule 2a-7 of the 1940 Act, securities issued by employees’ securities companies, securities issued by qualifying majority owned subsidiaries of the Company, and securities issued by qualifying companies that are controlled primarily by the Company. Solana and other digital assets, as well as new business models and transactions enabled by blockchain technologies, present novel interpretive questions under the 1940 Act. There is a risk that assets or arrangements that we have concluded are not securities could be deemed to be securities by the SEC or another authority for purposes of the 1940 Act, which would increase the percentage of securities held by us for 1940 Act purposes. The SEC has requested information from a number of participants in the digital assets ecosystem, regarding the potential application of the 1940 Act to their businesses. For example, in an action unrelated to the Company, in February 2022, the SEC issued a cease-and-desist order under the 1940 Act to BlockFi Lending LLC, in which the SEC alleged that BlockFi was operating as an unregistered investment company because it issued securities and also held more than 40% of its total assets, excluding cash, in investment securities, including the loans of digital assets made by BlockFi to institutional borrowers. If we were deemed to be an investment company, Rule 3a-2 under the 1940 Act is a safe harbor that provides a one-year grace period for transient investment companies that have a bona fide intent to be engaged primarily, as soon as is reasonably possible (in any event by the termination of such one-year period), in a business other than that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading in securities, with such intent evidenced by the company’s business activities and an appropriate resolution of its board of directors. The grace period is available not more than once every three years and runs from the earlier of (i) the date on which the issuer owns securities and/or cash having a value exceeding 50% of the issuer’s total assets on either a consolidated or unconsolidated basis or (ii) the date on which the issuer owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of such issuer’s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Accordingly, the grace period may not be available at the time that we seek to rely on Rule 3a-2; however, Rule 3a-2 is a safe harbor and we may rely on any exemption or exclusion from investment company status available to us under the 1940 Act at any given time. Furthermore, reliance on Rule 3a-2, Section 3(a)(1)(C), or Rule 3a-1 could require us to take actions to dispose of securities, limit our ability to make certain investments or enter into joint ventures, or otherwise limit or change our service offerings and operations. If we were to be deemed an investment company in the future, restrictions imposed by the 1940 Act—including limitations on our ability to issue different classes of stock and equity compensation to directors, officers, and employees and restrictions on management, operations, and transactions with affiliated persons—likely would make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 22 Table of Contents We may be subject to regulatory developments related to crypto assets and crypto asset markets, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As Solana and other digital assets are relatively novel and the application of state and federal securities laws and other laws and regulations to digital assets is unclear in certain respects, it is possible that regulators in the United States or foreign countries may interpret or apply existing laws and regulations in a manner that adversely affects the price of Solana. The U.S. federal government, states, regulatory agencies, and foreign countries may also enact new laws and regulations, or pursue regulatory, legislative, enforcement or judicial actions, that could materially impact the price of Solana or the ability of individuals or institutions such as us to own or transfer Solana. If Solana is determined to constitute a security for purposes of the federal securities laws, the additional regulatory restrictions imposed by such a determination could adversely affect the market price of Solana and in turn adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Moreover, the risks of us engaging in a Solana treasury strategy have created, and could continue to create complications due to the lack of experience that third parties have with companies engaging in such a strategy, such as increased costs of director and officer liability insurance or the potential inability to obtain such coverage on acceptable terms in the future. We may use the net proceeds from any offering by the Company to purchase additional Solana, the price of which has been, and will likely continue to be, highly volatile. We may use the net proceeds from any offering by the Company to purchase additional Solana. Solana is a highly volatile asset. Solana does not pay interest, but if management determines to stake the Solana tokens in treasury, rewards can be earned on Solana. The ability to generate a return on investment from the net proceeds from any offering by the Company will depend on whether there is appreciation in the value of Solana following our purchases of Solana with the net proceeds from any offering by the Company. Future fluctuations in Solana’s trading prices may result in our converting Solana purchased with the net proceeds from any offering into cash with a value substantially below the net proceeds from such an offering. Momentum pricing . The value of a single unit of SOL, as represented by various exchanges, may also be subject to momentum pricing due to speculation regarding future appreciation in value, leading to greater volatility that could adversely affect the value of the shares. Momentum pricing typically is associ