ITEM 1. BUSINESS In this report, the terms “The Coca-Cola Company,” “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” mean The Coca-Cola Company and all entities included in our consolidated financial statements. General The Coca-Cola Company is a total beverage company, and beverage products bearing our trademarks, sold in the United States since 1886, are now sold in more than 200 countries and territories. We own or license and market numerous beverage brands, which we group into the following categories: Trademark Coca-Cola; sparkling flavors; water, sports, coffee and tea; juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages; and emerging beverages. We own and market several of the world’s largest nonalcoholic sparkling soft drink brands, including Coca-Cola, Sprite, Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, Fanta and Diet Coke/Coca-Cola Light. We make our branded beverage products available to consumers throughout the world through our network of independent bottling partners, distributors, wholesalers and retailers as well as our consolidated bottling and distribution operations. Beverages bearing trademarks owned by or licensed to the Company account for 2.2 billion of the estimated 65 billion servings of all beverages consumed worldwide every day. We believe our success depends on our ability to connect with consumers by providing them with a wide variety of beverage options to meet their desires, needs and lifestyles. Our success further depends on the ability of our people to execute effectively, every day. We are guided by our purpose, which is to refresh the world and make a difference. Our vision for the Company has three connected pillars: • Loved Brands. We craft meaningful brands and a choice of drinks that people love and enjoy and that refresh them in body and spirit. • Done Sustainably. We grow our business with an aim to achieve positive change and build a more sustainable future. • For a Better Shared Future. We invest to improve people’s lives, from our employees to our suppliers and customers, to our investors, and to the communities we call home. The Coca-Cola Company was incorporated in September 1919 under the laws of the State of Delaware and succeeded to the business of a Georgia corporation with the same name that had been organized in 1892. Effective January 1, 2025, we sunset our Global Ventures operating segment to streamline and simplify our operating structure. The Global Ventures operating segment was established in 2019 primarily to oversee the Company’s ownership of Costa Limited (“Costa”), innocent and doğadan, as well as the fees earned pursuant to distribution coordination agreements between the Company and Monster Beverage Corporation (“Monster”). The results of the Costa (excluding the ready-to-drink business), innocent and doğadan businesses are now reported within the Company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) operating segment. The results of Costa’s ready-to-drink business and the fees related to Monster are now reported within the applicable geographic operating segments. 2 Operating Segments The Company’s operating structure is the basis for our internal financial reporting. Our operating structure includes the following operating segments: • EMEA • Latin America • North America • Asia Pacific • Bottling Investments Additionally, our operating structure includes operating units, which sit under our four geographic operating segments. The operating units are focused on regional and local execution and are highly interconnected, with the goal of eliminating duplication of resources and scaling new products more quickly. The operating units work closely with the global marketing category leadership teams to stay close to the consumer, accelerate the impact of innovation, and better integrate the business end-to-end across markets. Our operating structure also includes Corporate, which consists of two components: (1) a center focusing on strategic initiatives, policy, governance and scaling global initiatives, and (2) a platform services organization supporting the operating units, global marketing category leadership teams and the center by providing efficient and scaled global services and capabilities, including, but not limited to, transactional work, data management, consumer analytics, digital commerce and social/digital hubs. For additional information about our operating segments and Corporate, refer to Note 20 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this report. Except to the extent that differences among operating segments are material to an understanding of our business taken as a whole, the description of our business in this report is presented on a consolidated basis. Products and Brands As used in this report: • “concentrates” means flavorings and other ingredients which, when combined with water and, depending on the product, sweeteners (nutritive or non-nutritive) are used to prepare syrups or finished beverages, and includes powders/minerals for purified water products; • “syrups” means intermediate products in the beverage manufacturing process produced by combining concentrates with water and, depending on the product, sweeteners (nutritive or non-nutritive); • “fountain syrups” means syrups that are sold to fountain retailers, such as restaurants and convenience stores, which use dispensing equipment to mix the syrups with sparkling or still water at the time of purchase to produce finished beverages that are served in cups or glasses for immediate consumption; • “Company Trademark Beverages” means beverages bearing our trademarks and certain other beverages bearing trademarks licensed to us by third parties for which we provide marketing support and from the sale of which we derive an economic benefit; and • “Trademark Coca-Cola Beverages” or “Trademark Coca-Cola” means nonalcoholic beverages bearing the trademark Coca-Cola or any trademark that includes Coca-Cola or Coke (that is, Coca-Cola, Diet Coke/Coca-Cola Light and Coca-Cola Zero Sugar and all their variations and any line extensions, including caffeine free Diet Coke, Cherry Coke, etc.). Likewise, when we use the capitalized word “Trademark” together with the name of one of our other beverage products (such as “Trademark Fanta,” “Trademark Sprite” or “Trademark Simply”), we mean nonalcoholic beverages bearing the indicated trademark (that is, Fanta, Sprite or Simply, respectively) and all its variations and line extensions (such that “Trademark Fanta” includes Fanta Orange, Fanta Zero Orange, Fanta Zero Sugar, Fanta Apple, etc.; “Trademark Sprite” includes Sprite, Sprite Zero Sugar, etc.; and “Trademark Simply” includes Simply Orange, Simply Apple, Simply Grapefruit, etc.). Our Company operates in two lines of business: concentrate operations and finished product operations. Our concentrate operations typically generate net operating revenues by selling beverage concentrates, sometimes referred to as “beverage bases,” syrups, including fountain syrups, and certain finished beverages to authorized bottling operations (to which we typically refer as our “bottlers” or our “bottling partners”). Our bottling partners combine concentrates with still or sparkling water and sweeteners (depending on the product), or combine syrups with still or sparkling water, to produce finished 3 beverages. The finished beverages are packaged in authorized containers, such as cans and refillable and nonrefillable glass and plastic bottles, bearing our trademarks or trademarks licensed to us and are then sold to retailers directly or, in some cases, through wholesalers or other bottlers. In addition, outside the United States, our bottling partners are typically authorized to manufacture fountain syrups, using our concentrates, which they sell to fountain retailers for use in producing beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers who in turn sell and distribute the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. Our concentrate operations are included in our geographic operating segments. Our finished product operations generate net operating revenues by selling sparkling soft drinks and a variety of other finished beverages to retailers, or to distributors and wholesalers who in turn sell the beverages to retailers. Generally, finished product operations generate higher net operating revenues but lower gross profit margins than concentrate operations. These operations consist primarily of our consolidated bottling and distribution operations, which are included in our Bottling Investments operating segment. In certain markets, the Company also operates non-bottling finished product operations in which we sell finished beverages to distributors and wholesalers that are generally not one of the Company’s bottling partners. These operations are generally included in our geographic operating segments. Additionally, we sell directly to consumers through retail stores operated by Costa. These sales are included in our EMEA operating segment, regardless of the physical location of the retail stores. In the United States, we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to fountain retailers, who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who in turn sell and distribute the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. These fountain syrup sales are included in our North America operating segment. For information regarding net operating revenues and unit case volume related to our concentrate operations and finished product operations, refer to the heading “Our Business — General” set forth in Part II, “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this report. For information regarding how we measure the volume of Company beverage products sold by the Company and our bottling partners (“Coca-Cola system”), refer to the heading “Operations Review — Beverage Volume” set forth in Part II, “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this report. We own and market numerous valuable beverage brands, including the following: • sparkling soft drinks: Coca-Cola, Diet Coke/Coca-Cola Light, Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, Fanta, Fresca, Schweppes 1 , Sprite and Thums Up; • water, sports, coffee and tea: Aquarius, Ayataka, BODYARMOR, Ciel, Costa, Crystal, Dasani, Fuze Tea, Georgia, glacéau smartwater, glacéau vitaminwater, Gold Peak, I LOHAS, Powerade and Topo Chico; and • juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages: Core Power, Del Valle, fairlife, innocent, Maaza, Minute Maid, Minute Maid Pulpy, Santa Clara and Simply. 1 Schweppes is owned by the Company in certain countries other than the United States. The Company has also directly entered the alcohol beverage category in numerous markets outside the United States. In the United States, the Company has established a wholly owned, indirect, firewalled subsidiary, which uses third-party manufacturers and distributors to produce, distribute and sell alcohol products in the United States and also authorizes alcohol-licensed third parties to use certain of our trademarks and related intellectual property on alcohol beverages that contain Company beverage bases. The Company’s approach in alcohol focuses on three segments of alcohol ready-to-drink beverages: pre-mixed cocktails (e.g., Jack Daniel’s & Coca-Cola), flavored alcohol beverages (e.g., Lemon-Dou) and hard seltzers (e.g., Topo Chico Hard Seltzer). In addition to the beverage brands we own, we also provide marketing support and otherwise participate in the sales of other beverage brands through licenses, joint ventures and strategic relationships. For example, certain Coca-Cola system bottlers distribute certain brands of Monster, primarily Monster Energy, in designated territories in the United States, Canada and other international territories pursuant to distribution coordination agreements between the Company and Monster and related distribution agreements between Monster and Coca-Cola system bottlers. Consumer demand determines the optimal menu of Company product offerings. Consumer demand can vary from one market to another and can change over time within a single market. Our Company continually seeks to further optimize its portfolio of brands, products and services in order to create and satisfy consumer demand in every market. 4 Distribution System We make our branded beverage products available to consumers in more than 200 countries and territories through our network of independent bottling partners, distributors, wholesalers and retailers as well as our consolidated bottling and distribution operations. For information about geographic and customer data, refer to Note 20 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this report. Consumers enjoy finished beverage products bearing trademarks owned by or licensed to the Company at a rate of 2.2 billion servings each day. Our strong and stable bottling and distribution system helps us capture growth by manufacturing, distributing and selling existing, enhanced and new innovative products to consumers throughout the world. The Coca-Cola system sold 33.8 billion and 33.7 billion unit cases of our products in 2025 and 2024, respectively. Sparkling soft drinks represented 69% of our worldwide unit case volume in both 2025 and 2024. Trademark Coca-Cola accounted for 47% of our worldwide unit case volume in both 2025 and 2024. In 2025, unit case volume in the United States represented 16% of the Company’s worldwide unit case volume. Of the U.S. unit case volume, 61% was attributable to sparkling soft drinks. Trademark Coca-Cola accounted for 42% of U.S. unit case volume. Unit case volume outside the United States represented 84% of the Company’s worldwide unit case volume in 2025. The countries outside the United States in which our unit case volumes were the largest were Mexico, China, Brazil and India, which together accounted for 33% of our worldwide unit case volume. Of the non-U.S. unit case volume, 70% was attributable to sparkling soft drinks. Trademark Coca-Cola accounted for 48% of non-U.S. unit case volume. Our five largest independent bottling partners based on unit case volume in 2025 were as follows: • Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (“Coca-Cola FEMSA”), which has bottling and distribution operations in Mexico (a substantial part of central Mexico, as well as southeast and northeast Mexico), Guatemala, Colombia (most of the country), Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Venezuela, Uruguay, Brazil (a major part of the states of São Paulo and Minas Gerais; the states of Mato Grosso do Sul, Paraná, Rio Grande do Sul, and Santa Catarina; and part of the states of Goiás and Rio de Janeiro), and Argentina (federal capital of Buenos Aires and surrounding areas); • Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc (“CCEP”), which has bottling and distribution operations in Andorra, Australia, Belgium, continental France, Germany, Great Britain, Iceland, Indonesia, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, New Zealand and the Pacific Islands, Norway, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines, Portugal, Spain and Sweden; • Coca-Cola HBC AG (“CCHBC”), which has bottling and distribution operations in Armenia, Austria, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Egypt, Estonia, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Moldova, Montenegro, Nigeria, North Macedonia, Northern Ireland, Poland, the Republic of Ireland, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Switzerland and Ukraine; • Arca Continental, S.A.B. de C.V., which has bottling and distribution operations in northern and western Mexico, northern Argentina, Ecuador, Peru, and the state of Texas and part of the states of New Mexico, Oklahoma and Arkansas in the United States; and • Swire Coca-Cola Limited, which has bottling and distribution operations in 11 provinces and the Shanghai municipality in mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, Vietnam and territories in 13 states in the western United States. In 2025, these five bottling partners combined represented 44% of our total worldwide unit case volume. Being a bottler does not create a legal partnership or joint venture between us and our bottlers. Our bottlers are independent contractors and are not our agents. Bottler’s Agreements We have separate contracts, to which we generally refer as “bottler’s agreements,” with our bottling partners under which our bottling partners are granted certain authorizations by us. Subject to specified terms and conditions and certain variations, the bottler’s agreements generally authorize the bottlers to prepare, package, distribute and sell Company Trademark Beverages in authorized containers in (but, subject to applicable local law, generally only in) an identified territory. The bottler is obligated to purchase its entire requirement of concentrates or syrups for the designated Company Trademark Beverages from the Company or Company-authorized suppliers. We typically agree to refrain from selling or distributing, or from authorizing third parties to sell or distribute, the designated Company Trademark Beverages throughout the identified territory in the particular authorized containers. However, we typically reserve for us or our designee the right (1) to prepare and package such Company Trademark Beverages in such containers in the territory for sale outside the territory; (2) to prepare, package, distribute and sell such Company Trademark Beverages in the territory in any other manner or form (territorial restrictions on bottlers vary in some cases in accordance with local law); and (3) to handle certain key accounts (accounts that cover multiple territories). 5 While under most of our bottler’s agreements we generally have complete flexibility to determine the price and other terms of sale of the concentrates and syrups we sell to our bottlers, as a practical matter, our Company’s ability to exercise its contractual flexibility to determine the price and other terms of sale of concentrates and syrups is subject, both outside and within the United States, to competitive market conditions. However, in an effort to allow our Company and our bottling partners to grow together through shared value, aligned financial objectives and the flexibility necessary to meet consumers’ always changing needs and tastes, we have implemented an incidence-based concentrate pricing model in most markets. Under this model, the concentrate price we charge is impacted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, bottler pricing, the channels in which the finished products produced from the concentrates are sold, and package mix. As further discussed below, our bottler’s agreements for territories outside the United States differ in some respects from our bottler’s agreements for territories within the United States. Bottler’s Agreements Outside the United States Bottler’s agreements between us and our authorized bottlers outside the United States generally are of stated duration, subject in some cases to possible extensions or renewals. Generally, these bottler’s agreements are subject to termination by the Company following the occurrence of certain designated events, including defined events of default and certain changes in ownership or control of the bottlers. Most of the bottler’s agreements in force between us and bottlers outside the United States authorize the bottlers to manufacture and distribute fountain syrups, usually on a nonexclusive basis. In certain parts of the world outside the United States, we have not granted comprehensive beverage production and distribution rights to the bottlers. In such instances, we have authorized certain bottlers to (1) prepare and package Company Trademark Beverages for sale to other bottlers, or (2) purchase Company Trademark Beverages from other bottlers for sale and distribution throughout their respective designated territories, often on a nonexclusive basis. Bottler’s Agreements Within the United States In the United States, most bottlers operate under a contract to which we generally refer as a “Comprehensive Beverage Agreement” (“CBA”) that is of stated duration, subject in most cases to renewal rights of bottlers and in some cases to renewal rights of the Company. A small number of bottlers continue to operate under legacy bottler’s agreements with no stated expiration date for Trademark Coca-Cola Beverages and other cola-flavored Company Trademark Beverages. In all instances, the bottler’s agreements in the United States are subject to termination by the Company for nonperformance or upon the occurrence of certain defined events of default that may vary from contract to contract. Certain U.S. bottlers have been granted certain additional exclusive territory rights for the distribution, promotion, marketing and sale of Company-owned and licensed beverage brands (as defined by the CBAs). We refer to these bottlers as “expanding participating bottlers” or “EPBs.” EPBs operate under CBAs (“EPB CBAs”) under which the Company generally retained the rights to produce the applicable beverage products for territories not covered by specific manufacturing agreements, and such bottlers purchase from the Company (or from Company-authorized manufacturing bottlers) substantially all of the finished beverage products needed in order to service the customers in these territories. Each EPB CBA has a term of 10 years and is renewable, in most cases by the bottler, and in some cases by the Company, indefinitely for successive additional terms of 10 years each and includes additional requirements that provide for, among other things, a binding national governance model, mandatory incidence pricing and certain core performance requirements. The Company has also entered into manufacturing agreements that authorize certain EPBs that have executed EPB CBAs to manufacture certain beverage products for their own account and for supply to other bottlers. In addition, certain U.S. bottlers that were not granted additional exclusive territory rights, which we refer to as “participating bottlers,” converted their legacy bottler’s agreements to CBAs, to which we refer as “participating bottler CBAs,” each of which has a term of 10 years, is renewable by the bottler indefinitely for successive additional terms of 10 years each, and is substantially similar in most material respects to the EPB CBAs, including with respect to requirements for a binding national governance model and mandatory incidence pricing, but includes core performance requirements that vary in certain respects from those in the EPB CBAs. Those bottlers that have not signed CBAs continue to operate under legacy bottler’s agreements that include pricing formulas that generally provide for a baseline price for Trademark Coca-Cola Beverages and other cola-flavored Company Trademark Beverages. This baseline price may be adjusted periodically by the Company, up to a maximum indexed ceiling price, and is adjusted quarterly based upon changes in certain sugar or sweetener prices, as applicable. The U.S. unit case volume prepared, packaged, sold and distributed under these legacy bottler’s agreements is not material. Under the terms of the bottler’s agreements, bottlers in the United States generally are not authorized to manufacture fountain syrups. Rather, the Company manufactures and sells fountain syrups to authorized fountain wholesalers (including certain authorized bottlers) and some fountain retailers. These wholesalers in turn sell the syrups, or deliver them on our behalf, to restaurants and other retailers. 6 Promotional and Marketing Programs In addition to conducting our own independent advertising and marketing activities, we may provide promotional and marketing support and/or funds to our bottlers. In most cases, we do this on a discretionary basis under the terms of commitment letters or agreements, even though we are not obligated to do so under the terms of the bottler’s agreements between our Company and the bottlers. Also, on a discretionary basis in most cases, our Company may develop and introduce new products, packages and equipment to assist the bottlers. Likewise, in many instances, we provide promotional and marketing support and/or funds and/or dispensing equipment and repair services to fountain and bottle/can retailers, typically pursuant to marketing agreements. Investments in Bottling Operations Most of our branded beverage products are prepared, packaged, distributed and sold by independent bottling partners. However, from time to time we acquire or take control of a bottling operation, often in underperforming markets where we believe we can use our resources and expertise to improve performance. Owning a bottling operation enables us to compensate for limited local resources; help focus the bottler’s sales and marketing programs; assist in the development of the bottler’s business and information systems; and establish an appropriate capital structure for the bottler. In line with our long-term bottling strategy, we may periodically consider options for divesting or reducing our ownership interest in a consolidated bottling operation, typically by selling all or a portion of our interest in the bottling operation to an independent bottler to improve Coca-Cola system efficiency. When we sell a consolidated bottling operation to an independent bottling partner in which we have an equity method investment, our Company continues to participate in the bottler’s results of operations through our share of the equity method investee’s earnings or losses. In addition, from time to time we make equity investments representing noncontrolling interests in c