ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS Unfavorable general economic and geopolitical conditions could negatively impact our financial results. Our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity may be adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions, including global inflationary pressures, prevailing interest rates, credit market conditions, increased unemployment, levels of consumer and business confidence, bank failures, commodity (including energy) prices and supply, a recession or economic slowdown, trade policies, foreign currency exchange rates, changing policy positions or priorities, governmental rules and approaches to taxation, levels of government spending and deficits, and actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt. Many of the jurisdictions in which our products are sold have experienced, and could continue to experience, unfavorable changes in economic conditions, which could negatively affect the affordability of, and consumer demand for, our beverages, and certain markets in which our products are sold experienced high rates of inflation throughout 2025, which may continue in 2026. Under difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products or by shifting away from our beverages to lower-priced products offered by other companies, including private-label brands, which could reduce our profitability and negatively affect our overall financial performance. In addition, the occurrence of global or regional health events, and any related governmental, private sector and individual consumer responses, could contribute to a recession, depression or global economic downturn. Other financial uncertainties in our major markets and unstable geopolitical conditions or events in certain markets, including international conflicts, civil unrest, acts of war, terrorism, governmental changes, or changes in international relations, could undermine global consumer confidence and reduce consumers’ purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for our products. Throughout 2025, the Company faced disruption to our operations due to international conflicts. Geopolitical instability has in the past led, and may in the future lead, to logistical, transportation and supply chain disruptions; business disruptions (including labor shortages); increased risk of cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions to our information systems; reduced availability and increased costs of transportation, energy, packaging, raw materials and other input costs; and heightened security risk, impacting employee safety and/or damage to infrastructure or our assets. At times, we have faced product boycotts resulting from political activism, which have reduced demand for our products. Restrictions on our ability to transfer earnings or capital across borders; price controls; limitations on profits; the negotiation of new trade agreements; new, expanded or retaliatory tariffs, including tariffs that increase suppliers’ sourcing costs; import authorization requirements; and other restrictions on business activities, which have been or may be imposed or expanded as a result of political and economic instability, deterioration of economic relations between countries or otherwise, could impact our profitability. In addition, U.S. trade sanctions against countries designated by the U.S. government as state sponsors of terrorism and/or financial institutions accepting transactions for commerce within such countries could increase significantly, which could make it difficult, or even impossible, for us to continue to make sales to bottlers in such countries. The imposition of retaliatory sanctions against U.S. multinational corporations by countries that are or may become subject to U.S. trade sanctions, or the delisting of our branded products by retailers in various countries in reaction to U.S. trade sanctions or other governmental actions or policies, could also negatively affect our business. 12 Increased competition could hurt our business. We operate in the highly competitive commercial beverage industry. For additional information regarding the competitive environment in which we operate, including the names of certain of our significant competitors, refer to the heading “Competition” set forth in Part I, “Item 1. Business” of this report. Our ability to maintain or gain share of sales in the global market or in regional or local markets may be limited as a result of actions by competitors. Competitive pressures may cause the Company and our bottling partners to reduce prices we charge customers or may restrict our and our bottlers’ ability to increase prices, as may be necessary in response to commodity and other cost increases. Such pressures may also increase marketing costs along with in-store placement, slotting and other marketing fees. In addition, the rapid growth of e‑commerce may create additional consumer price deflation by, among other things, facilitating comparison shopping, and could potentially threaten the value of some of our legacy route-to-market strategies and thus negatively affect revenues. If we do not continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing, data analytics (including artificial intelligence and machine learning) and innovation to understand and maintain consumer interest, brand loyalty and market share while strategically expanding into other profitable categories of the commercial beverage industry, our business could be negatively affected. If we are not successful in our innovation activities, our financial results may be negatively affected. Achieving our business growth objectives depends in part on our ability to evolve and improve our existing beverage products through innovation and to successfully develop, introduce and market new beverage products. The success of our innovation activities depends on, among other factors, our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance and trends; obtain, maintain and enforce necessary intellectual property rights; and avoid infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. If we are not successful in our innovation activities, we may not be able to achieve our growth objectives, which may have a negative impact on our financial results. Changes in the retail landscape or the loss of key customers could adversely affect our financial results. Our industry is being affected by the trend toward consolidation in, and the blurring of the lines between, retail channels, particularly in Europe and the United States. Retailers may seek lower prices from us and our bottling partners, may demand increased marketing or promotional expenditures in support of their businesses, and may be more likely to use their distribution networks to introduce and develop private-label brands, any of which could negatively affect the Coca-Cola system’s profitability. In addition, in developed markets, discounters and value stores are growing at a rapid pace, while in emerging and developing markets, modern trade is growing at a faster pace than traditional trade outlets. Our industry is also being affected by the rapid growth in sales through e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites, mobile commerce applications and subscription services, which may result in a shift away from physical retail operations to digital channels. As we and our bottling partners continue to build e-commerce capabilities, we may not be able to develop and maintain successful relationships with existing and new e-commerce retailers without experiencing a deterioration of our relationships with key customers operating physical retail channels. If we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing retail landscape, including the rapid growth in digital commerce, our share of sales, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected. In addition, our success depends in part on our ability to maintain good relationships with key customers.The loss of one or more of our key customers could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. If we are unable to expand our business in emerging and developing markets, our growth could be negatively affected. Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in emerging and developing markets, which in turn depends on economic and political conditions in those markets and on our ability to work with local bottlers to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities, distribution networks, sales equipment and technology. Additionally, we rely on local availability of talented management and employees to establish and manage our operations in these markets. Scarcity of, or heavy competition for, talented employees could impede our abilities in such markets. Moreover, the supply of our products in emerging and developing markets must match consumer demand for those products. Due to product price, limited purchasing power and cultural differences, our products may not be accepted in any particular emerging or developing market. If we do not successfully manage the potential negative consequences of our productivity initiatives, our business operations could be adversely affected. We believe that improved productivity is essential to achieving our long-term growth objectives and, therefore, a leading priority of our Company is to design and implement the most effective and efficient business model possible. Consequently, we continuously search for productivity opportunities in our business. Some of the actions we may take from time to time in pursuing these opportunities may become a distraction for our managers and employees and may disrupt our ongoing business operations; cause deterioration in employee morale, which may make it more difficult for us to retain or attract qualified managers and employees; disrupt or weaken the internal control structures of the affected business operations; and give rise to negative publicity, which could affect our corporate reputation. If we are unable to successfully manage the potential negative consequences of our productivity initiatives, our business operations could be adversely affected. 13 If we are unable to attract, retain and inspire outstanding talent, our business could be negatively affected. The success of our business depends on our Company’s and the Coca-Cola system’s ability to attract, retain and inspire a global workforce of outstanding talent and to nurture a culture that supports our growth and aligns employees around the Company’s purpose and work that matters most. Competition for, along with compensation and benefits expectations of, existing and prospective employees has increased, especially considering changing worker expectations and talent marketplace variability. In addition, the broader labor market is experiencing a shortage of qualified talent, which has further increased the competition we face for qualified employees. We may not be able to successfully compete for, attract or retain the workforce that we want and may require for our future business needs, such as employees with advanced technology, artificial intelligence and digital marketing skills, and/or digital and analytics capabilities. Changes in laws and policies could also make it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate specialized technical, professional and management personnel to meet our business needs. In addition, the unexpected loss of experienced and specialized employees due to an increase in aggressive recruiting for best-in-class talent could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. Failure to attract, retain and inspire outstanding talent; to develop and implement an adequate succession plan for our management team; to maintain a corporate culture that fosters innovation, collaboration and inclusion; or to design and successfully implement work models that meet the expectations of employees and prospective employees could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and our future success. Disruption of our supply chain, including increased commodity, raw material, packaging, energy, transportation and other input costs, may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. At times, we have experienced, and could continue to experience, disruptions in our manufacturing operations and supply chain. In connection with our manufacturing and bottling operations, we and our bottling partners are dependent upon, among other things, various ingredients and other raw materials and packaging materials. For additional information on the raw materials and supplies we use in our business, refer to the heading “Raw Materials” set forth in Part I, “Item 1. Business” of this report. Some of the raw materials and supplies used in the production of our products are available from a limited number of suppliers, or from a sole supplier, or are in short supply when seasonal demand is at its peak. We and our bottling partners may not be able to maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with these suppliers, and our contingency plans may not be effective in preventing disruptions that may arise from shortages of any ingredients or other raw materials. Furthermore, some of our suppliers are located in countries experiencing political instability or other risks and/or unfavorable economic conditions. In addition, adverse and extreme weather conditions may affect the supply of agricultural commodities from which key ingredients for our products are derived and manufactured. Any sustained or significant disruption to the manufacturing or sourcing of products or materials could increase costs and interrupt product supply, which could adversely impact our business. We and our independent bottlers operate a large fleet of trucks and other motor vehicles to distribute beverage products to customers. In addition, we and our independent bottlers use a significant amount of electricity, natural gas and other energy sources to operate production plants, bottling plants and distribution facilities. Increases in energy demand have in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in higher energy prices, impacting us and our independent bottlers. The raw materials and other supplies, including ingredients, agricultural commodities, energy, fuel, packaging materials, transportation, labor and other supply chain inputs used for the production and distribution of our products, are subject to price volatility and fluctuations in availability caused by many factors. These factors include changes in supply and demand; supplier capacity constraints; a deterioration of our or our bottling partners’ relationships with suppliers; international conflicts; political uncertainties; acts of terrorism; governmental instability; inflation; weather conditions (including the effects of climate change); hurricanes, wildfires, floods, droughts and other natural disasters; disease or pests (including the impact of citrus greening disease on the citrus industry); agricultural uncertainty; health epidemics, pandemics or other contagious outbreaks; cattle disease outbreaks (including avian flu); labor shortages, strikes or work stoppages; changes in or the enactment of new laws and regulations; governmental actions or controls or import/export restrictions, such as new, expanded or retaliatory tariffs, including tariffs that increase suppliers’ sourcing costs, sanctions, quotas or trade barriers; port congestion or delays; transport capacity constraints; cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions; or fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Many of our raw materials and supplies are purchased in the open market, and the prices for such items are subject to fluctuation. We expect the inflationary pressures on certain input and other costs to continue to impact our business in 2026. Our attempts to offset cost pressures, such as through price increases of some of our products, may not be successful. Higher product prices may result in reductions in sales volume. Consumers may be less willing to pay a price differential for our branded products and may increasingly purchase lower-priced offerings, or may forgo some purchases altogether. To the extent that price increases are not sufficient to offset higher costs adequately or in a timely manner, and/or if they result in significant decreases in sales volume, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, we may not be able to offset cost increases through productivity initiatives or through our commodity hedging activity. 14 If we do not successfully integrate and manage our acquired businesses, brands or bottling operations, or if we are unable to realize a significant portion of the anticipated benefits of our joint ventures or strategic relationships, our financial results could suffer. We routinely evaluate opportunities to acquire businesses or brands to expand our beverage portfolio and capabilities. Additionally, from time to time, we have acquired or taken control of bottling operations, often in underperforming markets where we believe we can use our resources and expertise to improve performance. Acquisitions of businesses, brands or bottling operations may involve significant challenges and risks, and the expected benefits, including cost and growth synergies associated with such acquisitions, may take longer to realize than expected or may not be realized at all. We have encountered, and may in the future encounter, challenges in successfully integrating the operations, technologies, services, products and systems of any acquired businesses, brands or bottling partners in an effective, timely and cost-efficient manner. We have faced, and may in the future face, difficulties in operating through new business models and/or supply chain models, or in new categories or territories, and challenges in extending Company controls (including internal controls over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures, data protection and cybersecurity), policies and governance structures (including with respect to food safety and quality, occupational safety and sustainability) to acquired businesses, brands or bottling operations, which, at times, has resulted in increased costs and negative publicity. Our financial performance is impacted by how well we can integrate and manage our acquisitions, and we may not be able to achieve our strategic and financial objectives for acquired businesses, brands or bottling operations. If we incur unforeseen liabilities or costs in connection with acquiring or integrating businesses, brands or bottling operations, experience internal control or product quality failures, or are unable to achieve our strategic and financial objectives for acquired businesses, brands or bottling operations, our consolidated results could be negatively affected. We also participate in the sales of other beverage brands through licenses, joint ventures and strategic relationships. If we are unable to successfully manage our relationships with our joint venture partners or our strategic relationships, including our relationship with Monster, or if for any other reason we fail to realize all or a significant portion of the benefits we expect from our joint ventures or strategic relationships, our financial performance could be adversely affected. If our third-party service providers and business partners do not satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities, or experience adverse events, our business could suffer. In the conduct of our business, we rely on relationships with third parties, including cloud data storage and other information technology service providers, suppliers, distributors, contractors, joint venture partners and other external business partners, for certain services in support of key portions of our operations. These third parties are subject to similar risks as we are relating to cybersecurity, privacy violations, business interruption, and systems and employee failures, and are subject to legal, regulatory and market risks of their own. Our third-party service providers and business partners may not fulfill their respective commitments and responsibilities in a timely manner and in accordance with the agreed-upon terms or applicable laws. In addition, while we have procedures in place for assessing risk along with selecting, managing and monitoring our relationships with third-party service providers and other business partners, we do not have control over their business operations or governance and compliance systems, practices and procedures, which increases our financial, legal, cybersecurity, reputational and operational risk. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships, or for any reason our third-party service providers or business partners fail to satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities or experience events that could directly or indirectly impact us, our financial results could suffer. If we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or if we or our bottling partners experience strikes, work stoppages or labor unrest, our business could suffer. Many of our employees at our key manufacturing locations and bottling plants are covered by collective bargaining agreements. While we generally have been able to renegotiate collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms when they expire and regard our relations with employees and their representatives as generally satisfactory, negotiations may nevertheless be challenging, as the Company must have competitive cost structures in each market while meeting the compensation and benefits needs of our employees. If we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, our labor costs could increase, which could affect our profit margins. In addition, many of our bottling partners’ employees are represented by labor unions. Strikes, work stoppages or other forms of labor unrest at any of our major manufacturing facilities or at our bottling operations or our major bottlers’ plants could impair our ability to supply concentrates and syrups to our bottling partners or our bottlers’ ability to supply finished beverages to customers, which could reduce our net operating revenues and could expose us to customer claims. Furthermore, from time to time we and our bottling partners restructure manufacturing and other operations to improve productivity, which may have negative impacts on employee morale and work performance, result in escalation of grievances and adversely affect the negotiation of collective bargaining agreements. If these labor relations are not effectively managed at the local level, they could escalate in the form of corporate campaigns supported by the labor organizations and could negatively affect our Company’s overall reputation and brand image, which in turn could have a negative impact on our products’ acceptance by consumers. 15 RISKS RELATED TO CONSUMER DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS Obesity and other health-related concerns may reduce demand for some of our products. There is ongoing concern among consumers, public health professionals and government agencies about the health problems associated with obesity and other chronic diseases. Recent activities and proposals by U.S. federal and state government agencies and initiatives have focused on potential drivers behind the rise in childhood chronic diseases. Continued governmental focus on such initiatives, as well as ongoing public concern about obesity; other health-related public concerns surrounding consumption of sweetened beverages; the effects or perceived effects of the usage of weight-loss drugs on consumption patterns; potential new or increased taxes on sweetened beverages by government entities to reduce consumption or to raise revenue; potential new or increased governmental regulations on particular ingredients or additives in our beverages and packaging, or on manufacturing processes; additional governmental regulations concerning the advertising, marketing, labeling, packaging or sale of our sweetened beverages; changes in funding for or restrictions on the inclusion of our products in benefit programs, such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) in the United States; and negative publicity resulting from actual or threatened legal actions against us or other companies in our industry relating to the marketing, labeling or sale of sweetened beverages may reduce demand for, or increase the cost of, our sweetened beverages, which could adversely affect our profitability. If we do not address evolving consumer product and shopping preferences, our business could suffer. Consumer product preferences have evolved and continue to evolve as a result of, among other things, health, wellness and nutrition considerations, including concerns regarding caloric intake associated with sweetened beverages and the perceived undesirability of processed foods and ingredients and artificial ingredients; concerns regarding the perceived health effects of, or location of origin of, ingredients, raw materials or substances in our products or packaging, including due to the results of third-party studies (whether or not scientifically valid); shifting consumer demographics; changes in consumer tastes and needs coupled with a rapid expansion of beverage options and delivery methods; affordability and changes in consumer lifestyles and spending patterns; concerns regarding the environmental, social and sustainability impact of ingredient sources, the product manufacturing process and our packaging; consumer emphasis on transparency related to ingredients we use in our products and collection and recyclability of, and amount of recycled content contained in, our packaging containers and other materials; concerns about the health and welfare of animals in our dairy supply chain; and competitive product and pricing pressures. In addition, in many of our markets, shopping patterns are being affected by the digital evolution, with consumers rapidly embracing shopping by way of mobile device applications, e-commerce retailers and e-commerce websites or platforms. The increasing use of data analytics, automation and artificial intelligence across digital platforms is further reshaping how consumers discover, evaluate and engage with brands. If we fail to address changes in consumer product and shopping preferences, do not successfully anticipate and prepare for future changes in such preferences, or are ineffective or slow in developing and implementing appropriate digital transformation initiatives, our share of sales, revenue growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected. Product safety and quality concerns could negatively affect our business. Our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our products. We have rigorous product safety and quality standards that we expect our operations, bottling partners and contract manufacturers to meet. However, despite our strong commitment to product safety and quality, we, our bottling partners or contract manufacturers at times have not met, and may not always meet, these standards, including as we expand our product offerings through innovation or acquisitions. We, our bottling partners or contract manufacturers have recalled, and could in the future recall, products due to product quality or safety issues, including actual or alleged mislabeling, misbranding, spoilage, undeclared allergens, contamination or adulteration by any means, or failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements. In addition, we or our bottling partners or contract manufacturers and products have been, and could continue to be, subject to inspection by federal, state and local authorities, which could result in the identification of product quality or safety issues. A widespread product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall and the destruction of product inventory. A recall or any decrease in production resulting from remediation efforts due to quality or safety issues may also lead to lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time, and could also subject us to liability claims, negative publicity or changes in consumer demand, all of which could cause our business to suffer. Public debate and concern about perceived negative health consequences of processing and of certain ingredients, such as nutritive and non-nutritive sweeteners, color additives and biotechnology-derived substances, and of other substances present in our beverage products or packaging materials, may reduce demand for our beverage products or result in additional governmental regulation. Public debate and concern about perceived negative health consequences of processing and of certain ingredients in our beverage products, such as synthetic colors, nutritive (e.g., sugar, HFCS) and non-nutritive sweeteners, biotechnology-derived substances and other additives; substances that are present in our beverage products naturally or that occur as a result of the manufacturing process, such as 4-methylimidazole (4-MEI), a chemical compound that is formed during the manufacturing of 16 certain types of caramel coloring used in cola-flavored beverages; or substances used in packaging materials, such as bisphenol A (BPA), an odorless, tasteless food-grade chemical commonly used in the food and beverage industries as a component in the coating of the interior of cans, may affect consumers’ preferences and cause them to shift away from some of our beverage products. Such risks may be increased if government officials make public statements about alleged risks purportedly associated with processing, particular ingredients used in our products or unintentional contaminants that may be present in the food or water supply. In addition, increasing public concern about processing or the perceived or potential health consequences of processing, the presence of ingredients or substances in our beverage products or in packaging materials (or alleged presence of substances such as PFAS), and/or the results of third-party studies (whether or not scientifically valid) purporting to assess the health implications of consumption of certain products, or ingredients or substances present in certain of our products or packaging materials, have resulted, and could result, in additional governmental regulations concerning the advertising, marketing, labeling, packaging or sale of our beverages; limitations on the use of certain ingredients or packaging; potential new or increased taxes on or fees associated with our beverages by government entities; and negative publicity, or actual or threatened legal actions against us or other companies in our industry, all of which could damage the reputation of, and may reduce demand for, our beverage products. If we are not successful in our efforts to digitalize the Coca-Cola system, our financial results could be negatively affected. The digital evolution is affecting how we interact with consumers, customers, suppliers, bottlers and other business partners and stakeholders. We believe our future success will depend in part on our ability to adapt to and thrive in the digital environment and expand our digital capabilities. Therefore, one of our top priorities is to digitalize the Coca-Cola system by, among other things, creating more relevant and more personalized experiences wherever our system interacts with consumers, whether in a digital environment or through digital devices in an otherwise physical environment; finding ways to create more powerful digital tools and capabilities for the Coca-Cola system’s retail customers to enable them to grow their businesses; and digitalizing operations through the use of data, artificial intelligence, automation, robotics and digital devices to increase efficiency and productivity. If we are not successful in our efforts to digitalize the Coca-Cola system, our ability to increase sales and improve margins may be negatively affected, and the cost and expenses we have incurred or may incur in connection with our digitalization initiatives may adversely impact our financial performance. If negative publicity, whether or not warranted, concerning product safety or quality, workplace and human rights, obesity or other issues damages our brand image, corporate reputation and social license to operate, our business may suffer. Our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain the brand image of our existing products, build the brand image for new products and brand extensions, and maintain our corporate reputation and social license to operate. However, our continuing investment in advertising and marketing and our strong commitment to product safety and quality and respecting human rights have not always had, and may not in the future always have, the desired impact on our products’ brand image and on consumer preferences. Product safety or quality issues, actual or perceived, or allegations of product contamination, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of the affected brands and may cause consumers to choose other products. In some emerging markets, the production and sale of counterfeit or “spurious” products, which we and our bottling partners have not in the past been able, and may not in the future be able, to fully combat, may damage the image and reputation of our products. In addition, from time to time we and our executives have engaged, and may in the future engage, in public policy endeavors that are either directly related to our products and packaging or to our business operations and the general economic climate affecting the Company. These engagements in public policy debates have been, and could in the future be, the subject of criticism from advocacy groups or others that have a differing point of view and could result in adverse media and consumer reaction, including product boycotts. Similarly, our sponsorship relationships and associations with influencers and organizations have subjected us in the past, and could subject us in the future, to negative publicity as a result of actual or alleged misconduct by individuals, hosts or entities associated with organizations we sponsor or support financially or through in-kind contributions, as well as by the influencers we collaborate with who may engage in actions or express opinions that may negatively reflect on our brand. Likewise, campaigns by activists or others connecting us, or our bottling system or supply chain, with issues related to workplace policies and initiatives, or human rights or animal welfare, whether actual or perceived, could adversely impact our corporate image and reputation. Additionally, negative postings or comments on social media or networking websites about the Company or one of its brands, even if inaccurate or malicious, have in the past, and could in the future, generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands or the Company. Furthermore, allegations, even if untrue, that we are not respecting internationally recognized human rights; actual or perceived failure by our suppliers or other business partners to comply with applicable workplace and labor laws, including child labor laws, or their actual or perceived abuse or misuse of migrant workers; actual or perceived failure by our suppliers, joint venture partners or other business partners to engage in proper animal welfare practices; and adverse publicity surrounding obesity and health concerns related to our products, water usage, environmental impact, labor relations or the like could present potential legal risks and negatively affect our Company’s overall reputation and brand image, and could result in product boycotts or have a negative impact on our products’ acceptance by consumers. In addition, if we fail to respect our employees’ and our supply chain workers’ human rights, or inadvertently discriminate against any group of employees or hiring prospects, we could face legal 17 risks and/or our ability to hire and retain the best talent will be diminished, which could have an adverse impact on our overall business. If we are unable to successfully manage new product launches, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. Due to the highly competitive nature of the commercial beverage industry, the Company continually introduces new products and evolves existing products to stimulate consumer demand. For instance, the Company has directly entered the alcohol beverage category in numerous markets outside the United States, and in the United States, the Company has established a wholly owned, indirect, firewalled subsidiary, which uses third-party manufacturers and distributors to produce, distribute and sell alcohol products in the United States and also authorizes alcohol-licensed third parties to use certain of our trademarks and related intellectual property on alcohol beverages that contain Company beverage bases. The success of new and evolved products depends on several factors, including timely and successful product development, adherence to new global and/or local standards of practice, consumer acceptance and stakeholder perception. Such endeavors may also involve significant risks and uncertainties, including greater execution risks; higher costs; lower rates of sales; distraction of management from existing operations; lower product, category or industry knowledge and expertise; slower than expected or inadequate return on investments; increased competitive pressures; stakeholder scrutiny; and reliance on the performance of third parties. As we become subject to additional governmental regulations, including alcohol regulations related to licensing, trade and pricing practices; labeling, advertising, promotion and marketing practices; and relationships with distributors, we may become exposed to the risk of increased compliance costs and disruptions to our existing business. RISKS RELATED TO THE COCA-COLA SYSTEM We rely on our bottling partners for a significant portion of our business. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our bottling partners, our business could suffer. We generate a significant portion of our net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to independent bottling partners. For the year ended December 31, 2025, one bottler accounted for 10% of our net operating revenues, which are reflected in our EMEA and Asia Pacific operating segments. As independent companies, our bottling partners, some of which are publicly traded companies, make their own business decisions that may not always align with our interests. In addition, some of our bottling partners have the right to manufacture or distribute their own products or certain products of other beverage companies. If we are unable to maintain operating and strategic alignment or agree on appropriate pricing and marketing and advertising support, or if our bottling partners are not satisfied with our brand innovation and development efforts, they may take actions that, while maximizing their own short-term profits, may be detrimental to our Company or our brands, or they may devote more of their resources to business opportunities or products other than those of the Company. Further, actions by our bottling partners, including related to product quality, safety, marketing practices, labor relations, regulatory compliance, sustainability, or other matters could adversely affect the reputation, consumer perception, or value of our brands, even if we are not directly responsible for such actions. Such actions could, in the long term, have an adverse effect on our profitability. If our bottling partners’ financial condition deteriorates, our business and financial results could be affected. In the vast majority of our markets, our products are sold and distributed by independent bottling partners, and we therefore derive a significant portion of our net operating revenues from sales of concentrates and syrups to independent bottling partners. Accordingly, the success of our business depends in part on our bottling partners’ financial strength and profitability. While under our agreements with our bottling partners we generally have the right to unilaterally change the prices we charge for our concentrates and syrups, our ability to do so may be materially limited by our bottling partners’ financial condition and their ability to pass price increases along to their customers. In addition, we have investments in certain of our bottling partners, which we account for under the equity method, and our operating results include our proportionate share of such bottling partners’ income or loss. Our bottling partners’ financial condition is affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our and their control, including competitive and general market conditions; the availability of capital and other financing resources on reasonable terms; loss of major customers; changes in or additional regulations; or disruptions of bot