ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

 All
references in this Annual Report to “JVA,” the “Company,” “Coffee Holding,” “we,” “us,”
or “our” mean Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and its subsidiaries unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise indicates. 

 General
Overview 

 Products
and Operations. We are an integrated wholesale coffee roaster and dealer located in the United States. Our core products can be divided
into three categories: 

 ● Wholesale
 Green Coffee: unroasted raw beans imported from around the world and sold to large and
 small roasters and coffee shop operators; 
 
 ● Private
 Label Coffee: coffee roasted, blended, packaged and sold under the specifications and
 names of others, including supermarkets that want to have their own brand name on coffee
 to compete with national brands; and 
 
 ● Branded
 Coffee: coffee roasted and blended to our own specifications and packaged and sold under
 our eight proprietary and licensed brand names in different segments of the market. 

 Our
private label and branded coffee products are sold throughout the United States and certain countries in Asia to supermarkets, wholesalers,
and individually owned and multi-unit retail customers. Our unprocessed green coffee, which includes over 90 specialty coffee offerings,
is primarily sold to specialty gourmet roasters in the United States, Canada and multiple international countries. 

 We
conduct our operations in accordance with strict freshness and quality standards. All of our private label and branded coffees are produced
from high quality coffee beans that are deep roasted for full flavor using a slow roasting process that has been perfected utilizing
almost 50 years of experience in the coffee industry. In order to ensure freshness, our products are delivered to our customers within
72 hours of roasting. We believe that our long history has enabled us to develop a loyal customer base. 

 Corporate
History 

 We
were incorporated on October 9, 1995 under the laws of the State of Nevada under the name Transpacific International Group Corp (“Transpacific”).
On April 16, 1998, Transpacific completed a merger with Coffee Holding Co., Inc., a New York corporation. Upon the consummation of the
merger, Coffee Holding Co., Inc. was merged into Transpacific and Transpacific changed its name to Coffee Holding Co., Inc. 

 In
June 2016, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Coffee Kinetics LLC (doing business as Sonofresco) through our wholly-owned
subsidiary Sonofresco, LLC (“Sonofresco” or “SONO”), including equipment, inventory, customer lists, relationships
and accounts payable. In addition to our wholesale green coffee, private label coffee and branded coffee product offerings, we currently
sell tabletop coffee roasting equipment to our customers through Sonofresco. 

 On
February 23, 2017, we purchased all the outstanding common stock of Comfort Foods, Inc. (“CFI”). CFI is a medium sized regional
roaster, manufacturing both branded and private label coffee for retail and foodservice customers located predominantly in the northeast
United States marketplace. 

 On
October 7, 2025, the Company announced its plan to close its Comfort Foods manufacturing facility located in North Andover, Massachusetts
(the “Comfort Foods facility”). The closure of the Comfort Foods facility was completed by the end of October 2025. The Company
originally acquired the Comfort Foods business in 2017, which included the related Harmony Bay brand and the operations conducted at
this facility. 

 1 

 The
decision to cease operations was based on the continued decline in sales of certain regional brands and the shift by major retailers
toward national branded products, which reduced the profitability of the Comfort Foods facility. In connection with this closure, production
activities previously performed at the Comfort Foods facility will be transitioned to the Company’s Second Empire, LLC (“Second
Empire”) facility located in Port Chester, New York. The Company expects that consolidating manufacturing operations into a single
East Coast production hub will enhance operational efficiency and reduce duplicative overhead costs. 

 On
September 29, 2022, the Company entered into a Merger and Share Exchange Agreement (the “Merger Agreement”), by and among
the Company, Delta Corp Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company (“Pubco”), Delta Corp Holdings Limited, a company
incorporated in England and Wales (“Delta”), CHC Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco
(“Merger Sub”), and each of the holders of ordinary shares of Delta as named therein. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub would merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a direct, wholly-owned
subsidiary of Pubco (the “Merger”). As a result of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of the Company’s common
stock, $0.001 par value per share, would be cancelled and converted for the right of the holder thereof to receive one ordinary share,
par value $0.0001 of Pubco. There was a shareholder vote in April 2024 on the Merger Agreement that did not pass. On June 21, 2024, the
Company terminated the Merger Agreement. No early termination penalties were payable by the Company upon termination of the Merger Agreement. 

 On
November 11, 2024, the Company purchased all of the assets of Empire Coffee Company (“Empire Coffee”) for $800,000 in a Uniform
Commercial Code (“UCC”) Chapter 9 sale (the “Second Empire Acquisition”). The assets purchased consisted of accounts
receivable, inventory, equipment, the customer list and all intellectual property. To facilitate the purchase, Coffee Holding created
a new wholly owned subsidiary named Second Empire, LLC. Operations will be conducted by Second Empire. The operations of Second Empire
will include roasting and packing for current Coffee Holding customers as well as customers of Empire Coffee. 

 In
connection with this transaction, the Company entered into a four-year lease with 21 Grace Church Street Realty LLC for the existing
property at 21 Grace Church Street, Port Chester, NY 10573 where Empire Coffee had its offices and production facility. 

 Our
corporate offices are located at 3475 Victory Boulevard, Staten Island, New York 10314. Our telephone number is (718) 832-0800 and our
website address is www.coffeeholding.com. On our website, investors can obtain, free of charge, a copy of our Annual Reports on Form
10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Code of Conduct and Business Ethics, including disclosure related
to any amendments or waivers thereto, other reports and any amendments thereto filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material electronically with,
or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. None of the information posted on our website is incorporated by
reference into this Annual Report. The SEC also maintains a website at https://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information
statements and other information regarding us and other companies that file materials with the SEC electronically. 

 Recent
Developments 

 In
December 2025, the Company invested $850,000 in The Ryl Company LLC pursuant to a subscription agreement in exchange for a non-controlling
minority interest. The investment is passive in nature, and the Company does not participate in management or operations of The Ryl Company
LLC. 

 2 

 Our
Competitive Strengths 

 To
achieve our growth objectives described below, we intend to leverage the following competitive strengths: 

 Positioned
to Profitably Grow Through Varying Cycles of the Coffee Market. We believe that we are one of the few coffee companies to offer a
broad array of branded and private label roasted ground coffees and wholesale green coffee across the spectrum of consumer tastes, preferences
and price points. While many of our competitors engage in distinct segments of the coffee business, we sell products in each of the following
areas: 

 ● Retail
 branded coffee; 
 
 ● Mainstream
 retail private label coffee; 
 
 ● Specialty
 retail coffees both private label and branded; 
 
 ● Wholesale
 specialty green and gourmet whole bean coffees; 
 
 ● Single
 cup coffee pods; 
 
 ● Food
 service; 
 
 ● Instant
 coffees; 
 
 ● Tea;
 and 
 
 ● Tabletop
 coffee roasting equipment. 

 Our
branded and private label roasted ground coffees are sold at competitive and value price levels, while some of our other branded and
specialty coffees are sold predominantly at premium price levels. Premium price level coffee is high-quality gourmet coffee, such as
AA Arabica coffee, which sell at a substantial premium over traditional retail canned coffee, while competitive and value price level
coffee is mainstream or traditional canned coffee. Because of this diversification, we believe that our profitability is not dependent
on any one area of the coffee industry and, therefore, is less sensitive than our competition to potential coffee commodity price and
overall economic volatility. 

 Wholesale
Green Coffee Market Presence. As a large roaster-dealer of green coffee, we believe that we are favorably positioned to increase
our specialty coffee sales. Since 1998, we have increased the number of our wholesale green coffee customers, including coffee houses,
single store operators, mall coffee stores and mail order sellers. We are a charter member of the Specialty Coffee Association of America
and one of the largest distributors of Swiss Water Processed Decaffeinated Coffees and Dattera specialty Brazil coffees in the United
States. Our almost 50 years of experience as a roaster and a dealer of green coffee allows us to provide our roasting experience as a
value-added service to our gourmet roaster customers. The assistance we provide to our customers includes training, coffee blending and
market identification. We believe that our relationships with wholesale green coffee customers and our focus on selling green coffee
as a wholesaler has enabled us to participate in the growth of the specialty coffee market while mitigating the risks associated with
the competitive retail specialty coffee environment. 

 Diverse
Portfolio of Differentiated Branded Coffees. We have amassed a portfolio of eight proprietary name brands that are sold to supermarkets,
wholesalers and individually owned stores in the United States, including brands for specialty espresso, Latin espresso, Italian espresso,
100% Colombian coffee and blended and flavored coffees. In addition, we have entered into a licensing agreement with Del Monte Corporation
for the exclusive right to use the S&W trademark in the United States and other countries approved by Del Monte Corporation in connection
with the production, manufacture and sale of roasted whole bean and ground coffee for distribution to retail customers. Our existing
portfolio of differentiated brands combined with our management expertise serve as a platform for us to add additional name brands through
acquisition or licensing agreements, which target product niches and segments that do not compete with our existing brands. 

 Management
Has Extensive Experience in the Coffee Industry. Andrew Gordon, our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer, and David Gordon, our Executive Vice President – Operations, have worked with Coffee Holding for 44 and 46 years, respectively.
During this period, the Company has successfully navigated varying cycles in both the coffee industry and macro economy. David Gordon
is an original member of the Specialty Coffee Association of America. We believe that our employees and management are dedicated to our
vision and mission, which is to produce high quality products, as well as to provide quality and responsive service to our customers. 

 Our
Growth Strategy 

 We
believe that significant growth opportunities exist by selectively pursuing strategic acquisitions and alliances, increasing penetration
with existing customers by adding new products, developing our Harmony Bay brand and increasing the number of our wholesale green coffee
customers. By capitalizing on this strategy, we hope to continue to grow our business with our commitment to quality and personalized
service to our customers. We do not intend to compete on price alone, nor do we intend to expand sales at the expense of profitability. 

 3 

 Selectively
Pursue Strategic Acquisitions and Alliances. We have expanded our operations by acquiring coffee companies, entering into strategic
alliances and acquiring or licensing brands, which complement our business objectives. We intend to continue to seek such opportunities. 

 Grow
Our Cafe Caribe and Cafe Supremo Products. We believe the Latin population in the United States is the fastest growing and now represents
the largest minority demographic in the United States. We believe there is significant opportunity for our Café Caribe and Café
Supremo brands to gain market share among Latin consumers in the United States. Café Caribe, which has historically been our leading
brand by poundage, is a specialty espresso coffee that targets espresso coffee drinkers and, in particular, Latin consumers. Café
Supremo is a specialty espresso coffee which is priced for the more price sensitive Latin espresso coffee drinker. 

 Further
Market Penetration of Our Niche Products. We intend to capture additional market share through our existing distribution channels
by selectively adding or introducing new brand names and products across multiple price points, including: 

 ● New
 licensing agreements; 
 
 ● Specialty
 blends and foodservice opportunities; and 
 
 ● Sales
 of our tabletop coffee roasting equipment. 

 Our
Core Products 

 Our
core products can be divided into three categories: 

 ● Wholesale
 Green Coffee: unroasted raw beans imported from around the world and sold to large, medium
 and small roasters and coffee shop operators; 
 
 ● Private
 Label Coffee: coffee roasted, blended, packaged and sold under the specifications and
 names of others, including supermarkets that want to have their own brand name on coffee
 to compete with national brands; and 
 
 ● Branded
 Coffee: coffee roasted and blended to our own specifications and packaged and sold under
 our eight proprietary and licensed brand names in different segments of the market. 

 Wholesale
Green Coffee. The specialty coffee market remains the fastest growing area of our industry. The number of gourmet coffee houses
have been increasing in all areas of the United States. The growth in specialty coffee sales has created a marketplace for higher quality
and differentiated products, which can be priced at a premium in the marketplace. As a large roaster-dealer of green coffee, we are favorably
positioned to increase our specialty coffee sales. We sell green coffee beans to small roasters and coffee shop operators located throughout
the United States and carry over approximately 90 different varieties. Specialty green coffee beans are sold unroasted, direct from warehouses
to small roasters and gourmet coffee shop operators, which then roast the beans themselves. We sell from as little as one bag (132 pounds)
to a full truckload (44,000 pounds) of specialty green coffee beans, depending on the size and need of the customer. We believe that
we can increase sales of wholesale green coffee without an increase in infrastructure and without venturing into the highly competitive
retail specialty coffee environment. We believe that by utilizing our current strategy we can be as profitable as, or more profitable
than, our competitors in this segment by selling “one bag at a time” rather than “one cup at a time.” 

 Private
Label Coffee. We roast, blend, package and sell coffee under private labels for companies throughout the United States and Canada.
Our private label coffee is sold in cans, brick packages and instants in a variety of sizes. We produce private label coffee for customers
who desire to sell coffee under their own name but do not want to engage in the manufacturing process. Our private label customers seek
a quality similar to the national brands at a lower cost, which represents a better value for the consumer. 

 Branded
Coffee. We roast and blend our branded coffee according to our own recipes and package the coffee at our facilities in La Junta,
Colorado. We then sell the packaged coffee under our brand labels to supermarkets, wholesalers and individually-owned stores throughout
the United States. 

 4 

 We
hold trademarks for each of our proprietary name brands and have the exclusive right to use the S&W, IL CLASSICO brand names in the
United States in connection with the production, manufacture and sale of roasted whole bean and ground coffee for distribution at the
retail level. For further information regarding our trademark rights, see “Business—Trademarks.” 

 Each
of our name brands is directed at a particular segment of the coffee market. Our branded coffees are: 

 Cafe
Caribe , a specialty espresso coffee that targets espresso coffee drinkers and, in particular, the Latin consumer market; 

 Don
Manuel , is produced from the finest 100% Colombian coffee beans. Don Manuel is an upscale quality product which commands a substantial
premium compared to the more traditional brown coffee blends. We also use this known trademark in our food service business because of
the high brand quality; 

 S&W ,
an upscale canned coffee established in 1921 and includes Premium, Premium Decaf, French Roast, Colombian, Colombian Decaf, Swiss Water
Decaf, Kona, Mellow’d Roast and IL CLASSICO lines; 

 Cafe
Supremo , a specialty espresso that targets espresso drinkers of all backgrounds and tastes. It is designed to introduce coffee drinkers
to the tastes of dark roasted coffee; 

 Via
Roma , an Italian espresso targeted at the more traditional espresso drinker; 

 Premier
Roasters , a line of high-quality Arabica coffees packed in composite cans and poly bags and single serve; 

 Harmony
Bay , an upscale line of flavored beans in 11oz and 40oz bags, along with single serve offerings in a multitude of unique flavor profiles;
and 

 Café
Femenino Coffee , coffee beans produced from around the world from 100% women-owned coffee cooperative. 

 Other
Products 

 We
also offer several niche products, including: 

 ● tea;
 and 
 
 ● table-top
 coffee roasters and grinders. 

 Raw
Materials 

 Coffee
is a commodity traded on the Commodities and Futures Exchange subject to price fluctuations. Over the past five years, the average price
per pound of coffee beans ranged from approximately $0.9270 to $3.4835. The price for coffee beans on the commodities market as of October
31, 2025, and 2024 was $3.92 and $2.46 per pound, respectively. Specialty green coffee, unlike most coffee, is not tied directly to the
commodities cash markets. Instead, it tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a substantial premium over commodity coffee pricing, depending
on the origin, supply and demand at the time of purchase. We are a licensed Fair Trade dealer for Fair Trade certified coffee. Fair Trade
certified coffee helps small coffee farmers to increase their incomes and improve the prospects of their communities and families by
guaranteeing farmers a minimum price of ten cents above the current market price. Our North Andover plant that is operated by our Comfort
Foods division is certified organic by the Organic Crop Improvement Association (OCIA). All of our specialty green coffees, as well as
all of the other coffees we import for roasting, are subject to multiple levels of quality control. 

 5 

 We
purchase our green coffee from dealers located primarily within the United States. The dealers supply us with coffee beans from many
countries, including Colombia, Mexico, Kenya, Indonesia, Brazil and Uganda. We do not have any formalized, material agreements or long-term
contracts with any of these suppliers. Rather, our purchases are typically made pursuant to individual purchase orders. We do not believe
that the loss of any one supplier would have a material adverse effect on our operations due to the availability of alternate suppliers. 

 The
supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control. Supply
and price can be affected by factors such as weather, politics, tariffs, currency fluctuations and economics within the countries that
export coffee. Increases in the cost of coffee beans can, to a certain extent, be passed on to our customers in the form of higher prices
for coffee beans and processed coffee. Drastic or prolonged increases in coffee prices may also adversely impact our business as it could
lead to a decline in overall consumption of coffee. Similarly, rapid decreases in the cost of coffee beans may force us to lower our
sale prices before realizing cost reductions in our purchases. 

 We
subject all of our private unroasted green coffee to both a pre-shipment sample approval and an additional sample approval upon arrival
into the United States. Once the arrival sample is approved, we then bring the coffee to one of our facilities to roast and blend according
to our own strict specifications. During the roasting and blending process, samples are pulled off the production line and tested on
an hourly basis to ensure that each batch roasted is consistent with the others and meets the strict quality standards demanded by our
customers and us. 

 Our
Use of Derivatives 

 The
supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control. Historically,
we have used, and intend to continue to use in a limited capacity, short-term coffee futures and options contracts primarily for the
purpose of partially hedging the effects of changing green coffee prices and to reduce our costs of sales. In addition, we acquired,
and expect to continue to acquire, futures contracts with longer terms, generally three to four months, primarily for the purpose of
guaranteeing an adequate supply of green coffee. Realized and unrealized gains or losses on options and futures contracts are reflected
in our cost of sales. Gains on options and futures contracts reduce our cost of sales and losses on options and futures contracts increase
our cost of sales. The use of these derivative financial instruments has generally enabled us to mitigate the effect of changing prices.
We believe that, in normal economic times, our hedging policies remain a vital element of our business model not only in controlling
our cost of sales, but also giving us the flexibility to obtain the inventory necessary to continue to grow our sales while trying to
minimize margin compression during a time of high coffee prices. However, no strategy can entirely eliminate pricing risks and we generally
remain exposed to losses on futures contracts when prices decline significantly in a short period of time, and we would generally remain
exposed to supply risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties in any one of our physical contracts. Although we have had
net gains on options and futures contracts in the past, we have incurred significant losses on options and futures contracts during some
reporting periods. In these cases, our cost of sales has increased, resulting in a decrease in our profitability or increase our losses.
Such losses have and could in the future materially increase our cost of sales and materially decrease our profitability and adversely
affect our stock price. See “