Item 1A. RISK FACTORS The following statements on risk factors contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements can often be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as “could,” “should,” “will,” “intended,” “continue,” “believe,” “may,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “goal,” “forecast,” “plan,” “guidance” or “estimate,” or the negative of these words, variations thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or result and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Stockholders should be aware of certain risks, including those described below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K, which could adversely affect the value of their holdings and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes in future operating results, financial condition or business over time, except as expressly required by federal securities laws. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Ou r Aerospace Products b usiness is subject to significant customer concentration risk. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2026, we derived 39.1% of our revenue from five customers, and we had two “major customers” (10 percent or more of consolidated revenue) that provided 29.9% of total revenue. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2025, we derived 25.4% of our revenue from five customers, and we had one major customer that provided 14.8% of total revenue. At April 30, 2026 and 2025, we had one customer that accounted for 22.7% and 32.4%, respectively, of our total accounts receivable. Our business operations in Tempe, Arizona sell almost entirely to one customer. A loss of business from, or the bankruptcy or insolvency of, one or more of any of these major customers may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. We depend on the U.S. government and friendly foreign countries spending for a significant portion of our revenues. We are a supplier, either directly or as a subcontractor, to the U.S. Government, its agencies and to friendly foreign countries. We rely heavily on government spending for a significant portion of our business. The United States financing or assistance in facilitating foreign objectives around the world impacts our business at our Avcon Industries, Inc. and Butler National - Tempe subsidiaries. If the flow of United States government support for international programs were to decrease, it would have a detrimental impact on our business. We depend upon U.S. military spending and the demand for military equipment upgrades. Additionally, the outbreak of hostilities or war involving the United States or friendly foreign countries with governments that are our customers may shift expenditures by such governments from purchases of our special mission electronics to direct military equipment. A change of these expenditures in this manner would have a detrimental impact on our business. If the U.S. Government or friendly foreign countries ceased doing business with us or significantly decreased the amount of business they do with us, it may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. We operate in cyclical industries and an economic downturn could negatively impact our operations. Historically, adverse conditions in the local, regional, national and global economies have negatively affected our operations, and may continue to negatively affect our operations in the future. Such adverse economic conditions include recessionary economic cycles and downturns in customer business cycles, labor and supply shortages, global uncertainty and instability, inflation, changes in U.S. social, political, and regulatory conditions, tariffs and disruptions in the gaming and aerospace markets. During periods of economic contraction, our revenues may decrease while some of our costs remain fixed or even increase, resulting in decreased earnings. Adverse economic conditions may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. The gaming activities that we offer involve consumer discretionary expenditures and participation in such activities may decline during economic downturns, during which consumers generally earn less disposable income. An uncertain economic outlook, particularly within the region of the gaming facility, may adversely affect consumer spending in our gaming operations and may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. 11 Table of Contents Our Aerospace Products business is subject to the general health of the aviation industry, which may be cyclical. During periods of economic expansion, when capital spending normally increases, we generally benefit from greater demand for our aviation products and services. During periods of economic contraction, when capital spending normally decreases, we generally are adversely affected by declining demand for our aerospace products and services. Similarly, the availability of aircraft from manufacturers, or availability of used aircraft for sale, has an impact on the orders received from customers requiring new or used aircraft, as applicable. Such conditions may also inhibit our ability to obtain products and materials from our suppliers or may negatively impact the affordability of such products and materials. Aviation industry conditions are impacted by numerous factors over which we have no control, including political, regulatory, economic, technical staffing and military conditions, environmental concerns, weather conditions and fuel pricing. Any prolonged cyclical downturn may adversely affect customer demand in our Aerospace Products business and may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Lack of regulatory approval may lead to difficulties or delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of products, which could adversely affect our business. Our Aerospace Products business is subject, in part, to regulatory procedures enacted or administered by the Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”). Accordingly, our business may be adversely affected in the event the Company is unable to comply with such regulations relative to its current products or if any new products or services to be offered by the Company are not formally approved by such agency. Proposed aviation modification products depend upon the issuance by the FAA of a Supplemental Type Certificate with related parts manufacturing authority. Such certifications for future aircraft modification products may not be issued within our expected time frames or issued at all, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, the loss of one or more of our current licenses or certifications may also have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. We rely on highly skilled personnel, including our executive officers and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire qualified personnel, our results of operations could be impacted. Recruitment and retention of employees are important to the financial condition and business objectives of the Company. Our cost-effective and quality products and services depend on well-trained employees. The continued success of our gaming business depends upon our recruitment and retention of experienced personnel in the gaming industry. The loss of such employees could result in significant disruptions to our business, and the integration of replacement personnel could be time-consuming and may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Likewise, research and development to generate new products and services in our Aerospace Products business is dependent on trained personnel. The Company relies on various engineering resources, both internally and externally, to perform engineering and certification work to develop new products. The new products have been vital to our growth and sustained revenues and are critical to satisfying customer requirements. Certain individuals in the Company hold specific expertise in engineering. We devote significant resources to identifying, hiring, training, and successfully integrating and retaining these employees. A loss of consultants or engineers could adversely affect the financials of the Company. Additionally, key personnel are particularly important in maintaining relationships with the operations related to the FAA and the State of Kansas. Our airplane modification operations are dependent upon our Company Designated Engineering Representatives (“DERs”). If we are unable to obtain FAA approval for DERs to approve airplane modification work when our existing DERs retire or are unable to work, our business operations may suffer. The failure to recruit and retain such key employees may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. We also depend on a limited number of key personnel to manage and operate our businesses, including our executive officers. Our continued growth and success are dependent on the leadership of these key personnel. On June 15, 2026, Christopher J. Reedy resigned as our Chief Executive Officer, and although he intends to remain employed as a Special Advisor to the Board, his availability may be limited. Adam Sefchick, our Chief Financial Officer, has been appointed as Interim Chief Executive Officer and President, which is in addition to his existing duties. Mr. Sefchick’s performance of both positions may adversely affect the time that he is able to devote to the responsibilities as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, which may have a negative impact on such functions. Mr. Reedy’s resignation as our Chief Executive Officer may, or the loss of Mr. Sefchick’s services, whether due to death, disability, or otherwise, or his inability or unwillingness to continue in his current roles could, adversely affect our ability 12 Table of Contents to execute our strategic plans, and negatively impact our reputation and relationships with customers, partners, and other stakeholders, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, while the Company is engaged in a search for a new Chief Executive Officer, there is no guaranty that the individual hired for such position will be successful in such role, or a good fit for the Company, which also may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. The Company does not have an employment contract with Mr. Sefchick. Additionally, several of the tasks that Mr. Sefchick performs, and Mr. Reedy formerly performed, lack redundancy. For example, Mr. Reedy’s extensive experience with Kansas gaming regulations, FAA regulations and approval of our STC projects will be difficult to replace. Our success depends heavily upon the contributions of our key persons, whose knowledge, leadership and technical expertise are difficult to replace, and on our ability to attract and retain experienced professional staff. Failure to manage executive succession successfully, including identifying and hiring of our next Chief Executive Officer, may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. We may face risks related to the geographic location of our casino. Boot Hill Casino is located in Dodge City, Kansas. Consequently, a significant portion of our gaming business is dependent upon attracting local residents, for both patronage and employment, as well as out of town visitors and is subject to the general economic health of the region around Dodge City. The economy of Dodge City is significantly influenced by the agricultural sector of the national and local economy, which includes both agricultural farming and meat processing, and the oil and gas industry. As a result, changes in the economic climate, tariffs impacting foreign demand for crops, weather patterns, the unemployment rate, the availability of rural medical care, and market fluctuations for agricultural and petroleum products could cause our customers to see a decrease in discretionary income which may negatively impact our revenues from gaming. We believe the 5% decrease in traditional casino gaming in fiscal 2026 as compared to fiscal 2025 was in part due to broader economic pressures affecting the regional agricultural economy in western Kansas. Continued economic pressure in the local economy may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Due to fixed contract pricing, increasing contract costs expose us to reduced profitability. We sell certain products and services to commercial, government, and defense customers under firm fixed-priced contracts, regardless of costs incurred by us. Our Aerospace Products business generated approximate ly 53% of its 2026 r evenue from fixed-price contracts. The costs of producing products or providing services may be adversely affected by increases in the cost of labor, materials, overhead, tariffs and other unknown variants, including manufacturing and other operational inefficiencies and differences between assumptions used by us to price a contract and actual results. Increased costs may result in cost overruns and losses on such contracts, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. We are exposed to risks associated with our international sales. We conduct our business in a number of foreign countries, some of which are politically unstable or subject to military or civil conflicts. International sales amount to 12% of total revenue in fiscal 2026. Consequently, we are subject to a variety of risks that are specific to international operations, including the following: • Military conflicts, civil strife, and political risks; • Export regulations that could erode profit margins or restrict exports; • Export controls and financial and economic sanctions imposed on certain industry sectors, countries or products; • The burden and cost of compliance with foreign laws, treaties, and technical standards and changes in those regulations; • Contract award and funding delays; • Potential restrictions on transfers of funds; • Import and export duties and value added taxes; • Foreign exchange risk; • Transportation delays and interruptions; • Uncertainties arising from foreign local business practices and cultural considerations; and • Changes in U.S. policies on trade relations and trade policy, including implementation of or changes in trade sanctions, tariffs, and embargoes. 13 Table of Contents Any measures adopted to reduce the potential impact of losses resulting from the risks of doing business internationally may not be adequate, and the regions in which we operate might not continue to be stable enough to allow us to operate profitably or at all. Our international sales may be subject to local laws, regulations and procurement policies and practices which may differ from U.S. Federal Government regulation, including regulations related to products being installed on aircraft, and export and exchange controls. We are also exposed to risks associated with any relationships with foreign representatives, consultants, partners and suppliers for international sales and operations. Our ability to arrange safe travel to visit our international customers may put our ability to sell to such customers at risk, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Changing trade policy in the U.S. and other nations and the impact of recently announced tariffs may continue to adversely impact our Company. Changing policies and priorities in the U.S. government and other nations’ administrations, including recently announced tariffs, may continue to adversely impact our operations. U.S. trade policy has recently been significantly changed. Since February 2025, the U.S. government has issued several executive orders under various statutes, imposing tariffs on imports from most countries with whom the U.S. engages in trade. As such, during 2025, the United States reached bilateral trade agreements with multiple countries. Moreover, the United States applies a diverse range of reciprocal tariffs to imports originating from countries that have not concluded bilateral trade agreements with the United States. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the sweeping tariffs that the U.S. government had imposed through the executive orders issued pursuant to International Emergency Economic Powers Act (“IEEPA”) of 1977. However, the U.S. government subsequently imposed a global tariff of 10%. These changes in U.S. trade policy and tariffs, and potential future changes, have caused uncertainty and volatility in financial markets. Tariffs (imposed or threatened), sanctions, embargoes, export and import controls, and other trade restrictions, along with any retaliatory measures, could increase our costs, decrease demand for our products and services, disrupt our supply chain, adversely affect our operations, or adversely affect our ability to meet contractual and financial obligations. Tariffs or other trade restrictions may also lead to continuing uncertainty and volatility in U.S. and global financial and economic conditions, declining consumer confidence, inflation or an economic slowdown. Tariffs or other trade restrictions could create adverse political relations with our global customers which could result in the termination of certain contracts or a decrease in international customers. These tariffs or other trade restrictions, including other countries’ retaliatory measures, could continue to cause a reduction in our profit margins. Tariffs or other trade restrictions may cause equipment prices to significantly increase, which could adversely affect our growth efforts. Tariffs or other trade restrictions imposed on the importation of parts, raw materials, and products may impact the sale and delivery of products and may increase our costs, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. In order for us to substantially grow our aircraft modification business, it may be necessary for us to construct or purchase additional hangars. In order for us to substantially increase the size of our aircraft modification business, we may need to obtain additional hangar space. Our current hangar space limits the number of aircraft we can simultaneously modify, potentially causing us to lose business opportunities. This issue may be exacerbated by modifications we perform for larger aircraft, which may further limit space for other aircraft. The acquisition or construction of hangar space may require additional capital, which may only be available on unfavorable terms, if at all. Additionally, the construction of hangar space may require negotiations to acquire or lease additional land, as well as obtain requisite approval from applicable authorities. There is no guaranty that we will be successful in our efforts to acquire or build additional hangar space, which may materially impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. We may make future acquisitions and our business may suffer if we are unable to successfully integrate such acquisitions into our Company or otherwise manage the growth associated with investments and acquisitions. We continually review, evaluate and consider potential investments and acquisitions in pursuing our business strategy. In evaluating such transactions, we are making difficult judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies and other assets, and the risk and cost of potential liabilities. Acquisitions and investments involve certain other risks and 14 Table of Contents uncertainties, including the difficulty in integrating newly-acquired businesses, the challenges in reaching our strategic objectives, benefits expected from acquisitions or investments, cost and revenue synergies, interest rates and financial conditions, and risk that markets do not evolve as anticipated and the targeted opportunity or technology do not prove to be those needed to be successful in those markets. Other risks include the diversion of our attention and resources from our current operations, the potential of impairment of acquired assets and the potential loss of key employees of acquired businesses. Acquisitions or other investments may also result in unanticipated costs or expenses, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, employee retention, litigation and other liabilities. Failure to realize the benefits of an acquisition may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Operational challenges impacting our Aerospace Products business could result in failure to meet customer demand for new modifications. Our aircraft modification business is extremely complex. Customer projects are often scheduled based upon the availability of certain components and specific airplane models. These components are frequently acquired by the customer or by our Avcon Industries, Inc. subsidiary. Our customers may desire modification to specific airplane models that may become scarce due to competing demand, and limited new or used aircraft availability, aircraft manufactured parts, manufacturing or labor challenges, among other factors. Operational issues, including delays or defects in parts or supplier components, failure to meet internal performance plans, or delays or failures to achieve required regulatory approval, could result in additional out-of-sequence work and increased production costs, as well as delayed deliveries to customers. We and our suppliers have been experiencing supply chain disruptions as a result of global supply chain constraints and labor instability. Supply chain issues could impact overall productivity and may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. A decrease in customer demand, coupled with the rise of entities purchasing Avcon-modified airplanes and leasing them, may impact our business and operations. Our aircraft modification business is dependent on customer demand for Avcon modifications. There are several entities that have purchased Avcon-modified planes and leased them as an alternative to potential customers purchasing a modification for their airplane. If customer demand for Avcon modifications decreases generally, from the issues we may face from being able to meet customer demand for new components, or from the leasing of Avcon-modified airplanes offered by other entities, this may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. We may not carry sufficient insurance for our airplane modification services and liability stemming from these services could adversely affect our business. We carry minimal amounts of liability insurance covering the Company for providing airplane modification services. We also expressly disclaim all expressed and implied warranties at law in most of our contracts in which we provide airplane modification services. While our airplane modification service contracts specifically disclaim certain warranties, and contain limitations on our liability, courts may still hold us liable for such claims if asserted against us. This may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Cyber security attacks, internal system or service failures, and misappropriation of data or other breaches of information security may adversely impact our business and operations. We rely on information technology and other systems, including our own systems and those of service providers and third parties, to manage our business and employee data and maintain and transmit customers’ personal and financial information, payment settlements, and payment funds transmissions. In addition, third-party service providers and other business partners process and maintain our proprietary business information and data. Our collection of such data is subject to extensive regulation by private groups, such as the payment card industry, as well as governmental authorities, including gaming regulatory authorities. Privacy regulations continue to evolve, and we have taken, and will continue to take, steps to comply by implementing processes designed to safeguard the confidential and personal information of our business, employees and customers. Our reliance on information technology and other systems may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Our information and processes and those of our service providers and other third parties, including our contractors and contractors of our service providers and vendors, are subject to the ever-changing threat of compromised security, in the form of a risk of potential breach, system failure, computer virus, or unauthorized or fraudulent use by customers, 15 Table of Contents Company employees, Company contractors and other third parties including employees and contractors of third-party vendors. The steps we take to deter and mitigate the risks of breaches may not protect us against increasingly sophisticated and aggressive threats, and disruptions in our computer systems can occur notwithstanding the data security measures and disaster recovery plans that we have in place. The cost and operational consequences of implementing further data security measures could be significant and there is no certainty that such measures, if purchased, could thwart all threats. Compromise or loss of data or systems could adversely impact operations or regulatory compliance and could result in remedial expenses, fines, litigation, disclosures, and loss of reputation, potentially impacting our financial results. If hackers gain access to sensitive, confidential or otherwise protected information, they may attempt to force us to pay a ransom before stopping their attack. Any hacker penetration could cause loss of data and interruptions or delays in our business, cause us to incur remediation costs or subject us to claims and damage our reputation. Additionally, while we maintain cyber risk insurance to assist in the cost of recovery from a significant cyber event, such coverage may not be sufficient. The unauthorized access, acquisition or disclosure of consumer information could compel us to comply with disparate breach notification laws and otherwise subject us to proceedings by governmental entities, including gaming regulatory authorities, or others and substantial legal and financial liability. This could harm our business and reputation, disrupt our relationships with partners and diminish our competitive position. Cyber-attacks and costs expended on deterrence measures may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Any system or service disruptions, including those caused by projects to improve our information technology systems, third party software updates or inadvertently through routine maintenance activities, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could disrupt our business, and impair our ability to effectively provide products and related services to our customers and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We could also be subject to systems failures, including network, software, or hardware failures, whether caused by us, third-party service providers, intruders or hackers, computer viruses, natural disasters, power shortages, or terrorist attacks. The failure or disruption of our communications or utilities could cause us to interrupt or suspend our operations or otherwise adversely affect our business. Although we utilize various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate the risk of these threats, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient. Moreover, expenditures incurred in implementing cybersecurity and other procedures and controls, including rising insurance costs, could impact our financial condition. Any cybersecurity incident or breach of our data or information systems may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. We face the risk of fraud, theft, and cheating. We face the risk that gaming customers may attempt or commit fraud or theft or cheat in order to increase winnings. Such acts of fraud, theft, or cheating could involve the use of counterfeit chips or other tactics, which may or may not occur in collusion with our employees. Internal acts of cheating could also be conducted by employees through collusion with dealers, surveillance staff, floor managers, or other casino or gaming area staff. Additionally, we also face the risk that customers may attempt or commit fraud or theft with respect to our non-gaming offerings or against other customers. Such risks include stolen credit or charge cards or cash, falsified checks, theft of retail inventory and purchased goods, and unpaid or counterfeit receipts. Failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in losses in our operations. Negative publicity related to such acts or schemes could have an adverse effect on our reputation. Any incidents of fraud, theft or cheating may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. We are dependent on third-party platforms to offer sports wagering. We have an agreement with DraftKings to facilitate online and mobile sports wagering. In September of 2022, we commenced mobile sports wagering with DraftKings. Our Sports Wagering Management Contract with DraftKings is scheduled to expire in September of 2027. If we cannot renew such agreement, we may have to enter into a similar contract with a different service provider. There is no guarantee that we will be able to negotiate favorable terms in any renewal or new contract. Our management contract with the Kansas Lottery also expires in 2027, and we expect to enter into negotiations to renew or extend such agreement. Termination of our Sports Wagering Management Contract with the State of Kansas or a failure to extend our relationship with DraftKings may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. 16 Table of Contents There can be no assurance our sports wagering operations will be continuous or remain profitable. In 2022, Kansas legalized intra-state sports wagering and established extensive state licensing and regulatory requirements governing any such intra-state sports wagering. We offer the sports wagering on behalf of the Kansas Lottery pursuant to state statute and a sports wagering management contract that was effective September of 2022 and has a five-year term. We expect to enter into negotiations with the Kansas Lottery to renew or extend such agreement, but there are no assurances that we will be successful in obtaining a renewal or extension. We launched online and mobile sports wagering applications in the fall of 2022. Our contracted sports wagering platform competes in an evolving and highly competitive market against a number of competitors. The increasingly competitive market may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Additionally, we have entered into an agreement with sports wagering vendor DraftKings, and may enter into additional agreements with strategic partners and other third-party vendors to provide market access. There can be no assurance that the Kansas audience will continue to engage in sports wagering and online gaming products to the extent that we expect. The success of our sports wagering activity is dependent on a number of additional factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the ultimate revenue share rates and license fees charged by the state of Kansas; our ability to maintain market share in Kansas; the access to online or mobile sports wagering in other states; the timeliness and the technological and popular viability of our products; new technology that may be used to facilitate sports wagering that may better appeal to our customers; our ability to compete with new entrants in the market, which now includes sports prediction markets; changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; cancellations and delays in sporting seasons and sporting matches as a result of events such as players strikes or lockouts; and the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively or that our offerings will be successful and generate sufficient returns on our investment. Any of the factors that impede sports wagering may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. We are subject to certain change of control restrictions, which could make it more difficult to be acquired. Some provisions of our Articles of Incorporation, our Bylaws and state of Kansas regulations could make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock. This includes, but is not limited to, provisions that: provide for a classified Board of Directors (which will remain until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders), prohibit stockholders from taking action by written consent, and restrict the ability of stockholders to call special meetings. We are also subject to provisions of Kansas law K.S.A. 17-6427 that prohibit us from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years from the date the person became an interested stockholder, unless certain conditions are met, which could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control. In light of the highly regulated nature of our business and the authority of the regulatory agencies that monitor our business to monitor the composition of our shareholders, the Board has consistently believed these restrictions are appropriate. We are subject to the state of Kansas Lottery Gaming Facility management contract approval process. This process requires that any entity or person directly or indirectly owning five percent (5%) of the ownership interest of a management company must be found suitable to be an owner by the state of Kansas. If found unsuitable by any agency, the stockholder must offer all of the interest in Company stock held by such stockholder to the Company for cash at the current market bid price, less a fifteen percent (15%) administrative charge, and the Company must purchase such interest within six months of the offer. These restrictions may result in missed opportunities for the Company and could result in a reduced share price of our common stock, which could harm our business. Legal and Regulatory Risks We are subject to significant government regulation and may need to incur significant expenses to comply with new or more stringent government regulation. Our Aerospace Products business is subject to regulation by the FAA. We manufacture products and parts under FAA Parts Manufacturing Authority requiring qualification and traceability of all materials and vendors used by us. We make aircraft modifications pursuant to the authority granted by Supplemental Type Certificates issued by the FAA. We repair aircraft parts pursuant to the authority granted by our FAA Authorized Repair Station. Before we sell any of our products that are to be installed on an aircraft, they must meet certain standards of airworthiness established by the FAA or the equivalent regulatory agencies in certain other countries. New, more stringent government regulations, or different interpretations of current regulations may be adopted in the future. Changes in the availability of FAA resources to process approvals of modifications, such as a decrease in staffing and experience at FAA certification offices, may adversely affect our business. Changes in the regulations that impact our ability to export modifications may also harm our operations. Likewise, adverse 17 Table of Contents determinations or policy directives from the United States government with respect to controls and classifications of our Avcon Industries, Inc. products could adversely affect the financial condition of the Company. Our failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in the termination of or our disqualification from some of our material contracts, licenses, certificates, authorizations, or approvals, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. Related costs of compliance with, or liability for violations of, existing or future regulations may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Our government contracts are subject to termination, audit, and compliance risks that could adversely affect our business. Our contracts with the U.S. government, and contracts in which we serve as a subcontractor to a prime government contractor, are subject to the FAR and related agency supplements. These contracts may be terminated by the U.S. government, in whole or in part, at any time for convenience or for default. In the event of a termination for convenience, we would generally be entitled to recover costs incurred and a reasonable profit on work performed, but not anticipated profits on unperformed work. Termination for default could expose us to liability and limit our ability to compete for future government contracts. We may also be subject to stop-work orders that could result in costs not fully recoverable from the U.S. government. Our government contract costs are subject to audit by government agencies, and such audits may result in downward adjustments to our contract costs or pricing. Failure to comply with applicable government contracting laws and regulations may subject us to civil or criminal penalties, contract termination, or suspension or debarment from participation in future government contracts, any of which could materially adversely affect our revenues and operating results. The online gaming industry is heavily regulated and the Company’s failure to obtain or maintain applicable licensure or approvals, or otherwise comply with applicable requirements, could be disruptive to our business and could adversely affect our operations. We are subject to regulation in connection with our management of a State of Kansas-owned Lottery Gaming Facility. Kansas gaming authorities may require our management personnel, the Company and the managing subsidiaries, and key personnel of all entities to maintain a state-issued license or undergo background checks. Each State Gaming Agency has broad discretion in granting, renewing, and revoking licenses. Obtaining such licenses and approvals could be time consuming and may be unsuccessful or involve considerable expense, which could adversely affect our ability to successfully operate our business. Further, the failure of the Company or key personnel to obtain or retain a license could have a material adverse effect on the Company or on its ability to obtain or retain these licenses in other jurisdictions. Such licensing requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Our present and future stockholders are, and will continue to be, subject to review by regulatory agencies. We are subject to the Lottery Gaming Facility management contract approval process in the state of Kansas. This process requires that any entity or person directly or indirectly owning five percent (5%) of the ownership interest of a management company must be found suitable to be an owner by the state of Kansas. If found unsuitable by any agency, the stockholder must offer all of the interest in Company stock held by such stockholder to the Company for cash at the current market bid price, less a fifteen percent (15%) administrative charge, and the Company must purchase such interest within six months of the offer. The stockholder is required to pay all costs of investigation with respect to a determination of his, her or their suitability. Any such forced sale may negatively affect the trading price and liquidity of our shares. In addition, regardless of ownership, each member of the Board of Directors and certain officers of the Company are subject to a finding of suitability by any Agency on a regular basis. If a Board member or officer were found unsuitable, we may be forced to dissociate with such person. Such forced dissociation may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Gaming regulation and law is evolving, which may adversely affect our business. Gaming management operations are, and will continue to be, subject to extensive gaming laws and regulations, many of which w