Item 1. BUSINESS General Butler National Corporation (“Butler National”, the “Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) was incorporated in 1960. Our companies design, engineer, manufacture, sell, integrate, install, repair, modify, overhaul, service and distribute a broad portfolio of aerostructures, aircraft components, avionics, accessories, subassemblies and systems (“Aerospace Products”). We serve a broad, worldwide spectrum of the aviation industry, including owners of aircraft and contractors involved with private, commercial, business, and government aircraft operations. We also serve commercial weapon manufacturers and suppliers to governments and their agencies. In addition, our companies provide management services in the gaming industry, which includes owning the land and building for the Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Dodge City, Kansas (“Professional Services”). Products and Services The Company has two operating segments for financial reporting purposes: (a) Aerospace Products, whose companies’ revenues are derived from system design, engineering, manufacturing, sale, distribution, integration, installation, repairing, modifying, overhauling and servicing of aerostructures, avionics, aircraft components, accessories, subassemblies and systems; and (b) Professional Services, whose companies provide professional management services in the traditional gaming industry and in sports wagering. Aerospace Products. The Aerospace Products segment includes the design, manufacture, sale and service of structural modifications, design, integration and installation of electronic equipment, systems and technologies that enhance aircraft operations, and the design, manufacture and sale of commercial controls, cabling and defense related articles. Additionally, we operate Federal Aviation Administration (the “FAA”) Repair Stations. Companies in Aerospace Products concentrate on products and services for Learjet, Textron Beechcraft King Air, and Textron Cessna turboprop aircraft. Products . The aviation-related products that the companies within this group design, engineer, manufacture, integrate, install, repair and/or service include: • Aerial surveillance products • Navigation / flight display installations • Aerodynamic enhancement products • Crew work stations • Airplane range extension products • Electrical power systems and switching equipment • Avcon stability enhancing fins • Enlarged aircraft doors • Airplane nose extension products • Powered airplane sensor lifts • Cargo/sensor carrying pods and radomes • Provisions to allow carrying of external stores • Fuel system protection devices • Specialized cabling and harnesses 5 Table of Contents Modifications . The companies in Aerospace Products have authority, pursuant to Federal Aviation Administration Supplemental Type Certificates (“STCs”) and Parts Manufacturer Approval (“PMA”), to build required parts and subassemblies and to make applicable installations. Companies in Aerospace Products perform modifications in the aviation industry including: • Aerial photograph capabilities • Extended range fuel tanks • Aerodynamic improvements • Radar systems • Avionics systems • ISR – Intelligence Surveillance Reconnaissance • Cargo or expanded-sized doors • Special mission modifications • Search and rescue • Target towing capability • Airborne research capability • Electrical systems integration Special Mission Electronics. We supply defense-related, commercial off-the-shelf products to various commercial entities and government agencies and subcontractors in order to update or extend the useful life of systems. These products include: • Cabling • HangFire Override Modules • Electronic control systems • Test equipment • Gun Control Units for Apache and Blackhawk helicopters • Gun Control Units for land and sea based military vehicles Professional Services. The Professional Services segment includes the management of a gaming and related dining and entertainment facility in Dodge City, Kansas. Boot Hill Casino and Resort features approximately 500 slot machines, 15 table games, a restaurant and a sportsbook. Boot Hill . Butler National Service Corporation (“BNSC”), and BHCMC, LLC (“BHCMC”), companies in Professional Services, manage The Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Dodge City, Kansas (“Boot Hill”) pursuant to the Lottery Gaming Facility Management Contract, by and among BNSC, BHCMC and the Kansas Lottery, as subsequently amended (“Boot Hill Agreement”). As required by Kansas law, all games, gaming equipment and gaming operations, including sports wagering, at Boot Hill are owned and operated by the Kansas Lottery. On September 1, 2022, sports wagering became legal in the State of Kansas . Sports wagering is managed through the four lottery gaming facility managers. The Company entered into a provider contract with DraftKings for interactive/mobile sports wagering. In addition to an online platform, the Company opened a DraftKings branded sports book at Boot Hill on February 28, 2023. Proprietary Rights We do not currently hold any patents, franchises or concessions. In our overhaul and repair business, original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) of equipment that we maintain for our customers often include language in repair manuals that relate to their equipment, asserting broad claims of proprietary rights to the contents of the manuals used in our operations. There can be no assurance that OEMs will not try to enforce such claims, including the possible use of legal proceedings. In the event of such legal proceedings, there can be no assurance that such actions against the Company will be unsuccessful. However, we believe that our use of OEM manufacture and repair manuals is lawful. Seasonality Our Aerospace Products businesses are generally not seasonal. We believe that our Professional Services business, however, is subject to seasonality based on local weather conditions, agricultural and petroleum prices, employment levels and the travel habits of visitors in the market service area. 6 Table of Contents Raw Materials and Replacement Parts We purchase raw materials, primarily consisting of sheet and plate aluminum, from various vendors. We purchase casted packaging for our gun controls for which our vendor sources raw aluminum. We also purchase replacement parts, which are utilized in our various repair and overhaul operations. In some cases, we redesign products to accommodate alternative methods and/or materials. Our diversification into the integration business requires the supply of complex sensors from global manufacturers. We rely upon these sensor suppliers to complete our customer integration contracts. We believe that the availability of raw materials is adequate to support our Aerospace Products operations. Backlog Our backlog as of April 30, 20 26 and 2025 was as follows: Industry Segment (in thousands) 2026 2025 Aerospace Products $ 47,059 $ 33,611 Professional Services - - Total backlog $ 47,059 $ 33,611 The backlog includes orders with signed contracts which may not be completed within the next fiscal year. There can be no assurance that all orders will be completed or that some may ever commence. Dependence on Significant Customers During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2026 we derived 39.1% of our revenue from five customers, and we had two “major customers” (10 percent or more of consolidated revenue) that provided 29.9% of total revenue. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2025 we derived 25.4% of our revenue from five customers, and we had one major customer that provided 14.8% of total revenue. At April 30, 2026 and 2025, we had one customer that accounted for 22.7% an d 32.4%, respectively, of our total accounts receivable. Competition We compete in the aerospace and casino gaming industries. In the aerospace industry, we compete against peer companies of which some are divisions or subsidiaries of other large companies. In the manufacture of aircraft structures, systems components, subassemblies and parts in addition to services related to aircraft modifications, we compete globally against subsidiaries of much larger companies, original equipment manufacturers and smaller independent integrators or operators. Competition for the aviation electrical/avionics installations comes from three primary sources, some of whom possess greater financial and other resources than we have: OEMs, independent commercial avionics shops, and government-focused contractors. Many government agencies maintain aircraft support depots or contractor organizations that modify, maintain and repair their aircraft. Participants in the aerospace industry compete primarily based on size of business, technical staffing, quality, turnaround time, capacity and price. Competition in the aerospace business extends not only to customers, but also to experienced talent that is in high demand. We compete against both original equipment manufacturers, independent aircraft modification and maintenance facilities and educational institutions for such staffing. The casino entertainment business is highly competitive. The industry is comprised of a diverse group of competitors that vary considerably in size and geographic diversity, quality of facilities and amenities available, marketing strategies and financial condition. We compete with other casino facilities in Kansas and Oklahoma. We also compete with other non-gaming resorts and vacation destinations, various other entertainment businesses, and other forms of gaming, such as state lotteries, on-track and off-track wagering, third party online sports betting platforms and other mobile-based gaming platforms, prediction markets and other event contracts related to sports or other future outcomes, video lottery terminals, gray gaming machines and card parlors. With respect to staffing at the gaming facility, we compete against local businesses for qualified talent. 7 Table of Contents Government Regulation and Industry Oversight The aerospace industry is highly regulated in the United States by the FAA and in other countries by similar agencies. Our products and aircraft modifications must be certified by the FAA or meet FAA requirements. FAA certification involves designing, engineering, and testing of specific aircraft models modified with our products. Our aerospace products and modifications are primarily regulated under the FAA’s supplemental type certificate (“STC”) and parts manufacturer approval (“PMA”) frameworks, and our maintenance and repair activities are conducted through FAA-approved repair stations operating under applicable FAA regulations. Our businesses, which sell defense products and services directly to the U.S. government or through its contractors, can be subject to various laws and regulations governing pricing and other factors. Our contracts with the U.S. government and contracts in which we serve as a subcontractor to a prime government contractor are subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (“FAR”) and related agency supplements, which govern pricing, cost allowability, audit rights, and contractor conduct. Costs incurred under our government contracts may be subject to audit by the Defense Contract Audit Agency or other government agencies, and adjustments to contract pricing may result from such audits. The U.S. government generally retains the right to terminate its contracts with us, in whole or in part, for convenience or for default. In the event of termination for convenience, we would generally be entitled to recover costs incurred plus a reasonable profit on work performed, but not anticipated profits on unperformed work. We may also be subject to stop-work orders, which could result in additional costs that may not be fully recoverable. Non-compliance with applicable government contracting laws and regulations may subject contractors to civil or criminal penalties, contract termination, suspension, or debarment from participation in future government contracts. We must also satisfy the requirements of our customers that are subject to FAA or similar foreign regulations and provide these customers with products and repair services that comply with the applicable government regulations. The FAA regulates aircraft modifications and operations and requires that aircraft components meet stringent FAA standards. We are subject to inspections by the FAA and may be subjected to fines and other penalties (including orders to cease production) for noncompliance with FAA regulations. In addition, the FAA requires that various maintenance routines be performed on aircraft components. We currently satisfy these maintenance standards allowing component repair and overhaul services at our FAA-approved repair stations. The FAA licensing process may be costly and time-consuming. To obtain an FAA license, an applicant must satisfy all applicable regulations of the FAA governing repair stations. FAA regulations require that an applicant have experienced personnel, inspection systems, suitable facilities and equipment. In addition, the applicant must demonstrate a need for the license. Because an applicant must procure manufacturing and repair manuals relating to each particular aircraft component in order to obtain a license with respect to that component, the application process may involve substantial time and cost. Such licenses, which are ongoing in duration, are required for us to perform authorized maintenance, repair, and overhaul services for our customers and are subject to revocation by the government for non-compliance with applicable regulations. We believe that we possess all licenses and certifications that are material to the conduct of our business. Our non-U.S. sales are subject to both U.S. and non-U.S. governmental regulations and procurement policies and practices, including regulations relating to import-export control, tariffs, investment, exchange controls, anti-corruption and repatriation of earnings. Non-U.S. sales are also subject to varying currency, political and economic risks. Our Professional Services business is subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations in addition to gaming regulations. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, restrictions and conditions concerning gaming, employment, satisfactory background investigations, alcoholic beverages, food service, smoking, currency transactions, taxation, zoning and building codes, and marketing and advertising. Such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. Material changes, new laws or regulations, or material differences in interpretations by courts or governmental authorities could adversely affect our operating results. Our operations are also subject to a variety of worker and community safety laws. For example, the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, or OSHA, mandates general requirements for safe workplaces for all employees in the United States. We believe that our operations are in material compliance with OSHA ’s health and safety requirements. Moreover, our gaming management operations are regulated largely by the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission and the Kansas Lottery. The gaming industry, in general, is highly regulated and we must maintain our licenses and pay gaming revenue share and taxes to continue our operations. Each gaming facility is subject to extensive regulation under the laws, 8 Table of Contents rules and regulations where it is located. These laws, rules and regulations generally relate to the responsibility, financial stability, integrity and character of the managers, contractors and persons with financial interests in the gaming operations. The process of obtaining such necessary licenses, registrations, or other approvals often involves substantial disclosure of confidential or proprietary information about us and our officers, directors, key personnel and, in certain instances, beneficial owners of our debt or equity securities, and requires a determination by the regulators as to our suitability. Authorities have broad discretion and may require any beneficial holder of our securities directly or indirectly owning five percent (5%) of the ownership interest to file an application, make personal or confidential disclosures, be investigated, and be subject to a determination of suitability. If such beneficial holder is found unsuitable, these restrictions may require a holder of our securities to dispose of the securities, or, if the holder refuses or is unable to dispose of the securities, we may be required to repurchase the securities. The Company’s business is also impacted by various other laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, local, state, federal, and international tax codes, import and export controls and customs laws, employment and employment-related laws, environmental laws, intellectual property laws, and consumer protection statutes. The Company from time to time incurs costs in the ordinary course of business in connection with maintaining compliance with these evolving and at times overlapping regulatory regimes. While we are firmly committed to full compliance with all applicable laws and have developed appropriate policies and procedures to comply with the requirements of the evolving regulatory regimes, we cannot provide assurance that our compliance program will prevent all violations of applicable laws or regulations, or that a violation by us or our personnel will not result in a monetary fine or suspension or revocation of one or more of our licenses. Human Capital Resources Other than persons employed by our gaming management subsidiaries, there were 158 full-time and 6 pa rt-time employees on April 30, 2026 compared to 144 full-time and 3 part-time employees on April 30, 2025 . As of June 26 , 2026, staffing was 167 full-time and 8 part-time employees. Our staffing at Boot Hill Casino on April 30, 2026 was 184 full-time and 45 part-time employees and 192 full-time employees and 44 part-time employees on April 30, 2025 . As of June 26 , 2026 our staffing at Boot Hill Casino was 183 full-time employees and 44 part-time employees. We believe our success as a company depends on the strength of our workforce. Each leader of an operating subsidiary, reporting to our Interim Chief Executive Officer and President, is responsible for developing and executing our human capital strategy. This includes recruiting, hiring, training and retention as well as providing recommendations for the development of our compensation and benefits programs. As the success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people, we offer benefits that support their physical, financial and emotional well-being. We provide our employees with access to affordable and convenient medical programs intended to meet their physical and emotional needs and the needs of their families. To foster retention, employees with fifteen or more years of service receive an annual retention bonus. As an added benefit for employees, we offer a 401(k) savings plan with a Company match as well as paid time off, sick leave and personal days. These benefits are in addition to the Company’s market-based compensation program designed to maintain competitive compensation packages for all employees. None of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. Executive Officers of the Registrant Currently, our sole executive officer is Adam Sefchick, age 48, who serves as Interim Chief Executive Officer and President, and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Sefchick was appointed our Interim Chief Executive Officer and President on June 15, 2026 following the resignation from such position by Christopher J. Reedy. Mr. Reedy has agreed to remain employed by the Company in a non-executive role as Special Advisor to the Board of Directors of Butler National Corporation until he retires from the Company effective July 1, 2027. Mr. Sefchick was appointed Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company in May 2025. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Sefchick served as Chief Accounting Officer at Jack Cooper Investments, Inc., a specialty transportation and logistics provider, from 2015 to 2025. Prior to Jack Cooper Investments, Mr. Sefchick served as Controller at SmartVet Holdings, Inc. from 2014 to 2015 and as an Audit Senior Manager from 2002 to 2014 at Grant Thornton, LLP. 9 Table of Contents Officers are elected by the Board of Directors of Butler National Corporation and serve at the discretion of the Board. Only Mr. Sefchick currently serves as an “executive officer” of the Company pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 3b-7. Available Information For more information about us, visit our website at www.butlernational.com. The contents of the website are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. Our electronic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) (including all Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, and any amendments to these reports) are available free of charge through our website immediately after we electronically file with or furnish them to the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers who file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 10 Table of Contents