Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating us and our common stock. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by these risks, and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline. We have in the past been adversely affected by certain of, and may in the future be affected by, these risks. Business and Operational Risks Our financial results are affected by volatile refining margins, which are dependent on factors beyond our control. Our operating results, cash flows, future rate of growth, the carrying value of our assets and our ability to execute share repurchases and pay our dividend at intended levels are highly dependent on the margins we realize on our refined products. Historically, refined product margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile. Our margins from the sale of refined products are influenced by a number of conditions, including the price of crude oil and other feedstocks. The prices of feedstocks and the prices at which we can sell our refined products fluctuate independently due to a variety of regional and global market factors that are beyond our control, including: • global and regional inventory levels and availability of and demand for feedstocks and refined products; • transportation infrastructure cost and availability; • temporary and permanent closures, utilization levels and capacities of other refineries in our markets and globally; • global and regional development by competitors of new refining or renewable conversion capacity; • natural gas and electricity availability and supply costs; • global and domestic political instability, threatened or actual terrorist incidents, armed conflict, economic activity and growth levels or lack thereof or other global political or economic conditions; • tariffs on goods, including crude oil and other feedstocks, imported into the United States; • local weather conditions; and • the occurrence of other risks described herein. Some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. The longer-term effects of these and other factors on refined product margins are uncertain. We generally purchase our feedstocks weeks before we refine them and sell the refined products. Price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the refined products from these feedstocks can have a significant effect on our financial results. We also purchase refined products manufactured by others for resale to our customers. Price changes during the periods between purchasing and reselling those refined products can have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Lower refined product margins, including renewable diesel margins have in the past, and may in the future, lead us to reduce the amount of refined products we produce, which may reduce our revenues, income from operations and cash flows. Significant reductions in refined product margins could require us to reduce our capital expenditures, impair the carrying value of our assets (such as property, plant and equipment, inventory or goodwill), and require us to re-evaluate our capital allocation priorities, including our share repurchase activity, capital spending and dividends. Industry, market, technological and regulatory developments regarding emissions, fuel efficiency and alternative fuel vehicles may decrease demand for liquid transportation fuels. Developments aimed at reducing vehicle emissions, increasing vehicle efficiency or reducing the sale of new internal combustion engine vehicles may decrease the demand and may increase the cost for our liquid transportation fuels. Government mandates or incentives, industry and technological developments and consumer sentiment with respect to liquid transportation fuels may alter fuels or energy preferences or make alternative fuel vehicles more desirable and result in greater market penetration of such vehicles or otherwise decrease demand for our liquid transportation fuels. For example, the federal government through NHTSA and the EPA promulgate rules that require vehicle manufacturers to increase the fuel efficiency standards of liquid transportation fuels vehicles. The EPA has finalized a rule that reduces its current vehicle standards by eliminating regulation of GHG emissions. The new, reduced standards have been challenged in court. In addition, California and several states have adopted regulations that require increased sales of electric vehicles. California, in particular, has passed several regulations mandating electric vehicles. These regulations include Advanced Clean Cars (“ACC”) I, ACC II, and Advanced Clean Trucks. The ACC II and Advanced Clean Trucks regulations are currently not enforceable in absence of federal waivers, but California filed litigation to reinstate the waivers. Moreover, consumer acceptance and market penetration of electric, hybrid and alternative fuel vehicles continues to increase. In 2021, several automobile manufacturers jointly announced their shared goal that 40-50 percent of their new vehicle sales be battery electric, fuel cell or plug-in hybrid vehicles by 2030. Other automobile manufacturers have similar, or more aggressive, goals with respect to vehicle electrification. Technological breakthroughs relating to renewable fuels or other fuel alternatives 18 Table of Contents such as hydrogen or ammonia, or efficiency improvements for internal combustion engines could reduce demand for liquid transportation fuels. Together, these developments have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse effect on sales of our liquid transportation fuels, which in turn could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operations are subject to business interruptions and present inherent hazards and risks, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Our operations are subject to business interruptions, such as scheduled and unscheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance, explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, product quality incidents, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, acts of terrorism, or other natural or man-made disasters. These types of incidents adversely affect our operations and may result in serious personal injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property and equipment, impaired ability to manufacture our products, environmental pollution, and substantial losses. We have experienced certain of these incidents in the past. For assets located near populated areas, the level of damage resulting from these incidents could be greater. In addition, we operate in and adjacent to environmentally sensitive waters where tanker, pipeline, rail car and refined product transportation and storage operations are closely regulated by federal, state and local agencies and monitored by environmental interest groups. Certain of our refineries receive crude oil and other feedstocks by tanker or barge. MPLX operates a fleet of boats and barges to transport light products, heavy oils, crude oil, renewable fuels, chemicals and feedstocks to and from our refineries and terminals. Transportation and storage of crude oil, other feedstocks and refined products over and adjacent to water involves inherent risk and subjects us to the provisions of the OPA-90 and state laws in U.S. coastal and Great Lakes states and states bordering inland waterways on which we operate, as well as international laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. If we are unable to promptly and adequately contain any accident or discharge involving tankers, pipelines, rail cars or above ground storage tanks transporting or storing crude oil, other feedstocks or refined products, we may be subject to substantial liability. In addition, the service providers contracted to aid us in a discharge response may be unavailable due to weather conditions, governmental regulations or other local or global events. Damages resulting from an incident involving any of our assets or operations may result in our being named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits asserting potentially substantial claims or in our being assessed potentially substantial fines by governmental authorities. We are increasingly dependent on the performance of our information technology systems and those of our third-party business partners and service providers. We are increasingly dependent on our information technology systems and those of our third-party business partners and service providers for the safe and effective operation of our business. We rely on such systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, including financial records and personal data, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including our supply chain, pipeline operations, gathering and processing operations, credit card payments and authorizations at certain of our customers’ retail outlets, financial transactions, banking and numerous other processes and transactions. Our information systems (and those of our third-party business partners and service providers), including our cloud computing environments and operational technology environments, are subject to numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats and attacks, including ransomware and other malware, phishing and social engineering schemes, supply chain attacks, and advanced artificial intelligence attacks, which can compromise our ability to operate, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of data in our systems or those of our third-party business partners and service providers. These and other cybersecurity threats may originate with criminal attackers, advanced persistent threats and nation-state actors, state-sponsored actors, or employee error or malfeasance. Cybersecurity threat actors also may attempt to exploit vulnerabilities in software, including software commonly used by companies in cloud-based services and bundled software. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to disable or degrade systems, continuously evolve and some have become increasingly complex and sophisticated, and can remain undetected for a period of time despite efforts to detect and respond in a timely manner, we (and our third-party business partners and service providers) are subject to the risk of cyberattacks and cybersecurity incidents. Our cybersecurity and infrastructure protection technologies, disaster recovery plans and systems, employee training and vendor risk management may not be sufficient to defend us against all unauthorized attempts to access our information or impact our systems. We and our third-party vendors and service providers have been and may in the future be subject to cybersecurity events and incidents of varying degrees. To date, the impacts of prior events and incidents have not had a material adverse effect on us. Cybersecurity incidents involving our information technology systems or those of our third-party business partners and service providers can result in theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential financial data, personal data, intellectual property and other information; give rise to remediation or other expenses; result in litigation, claims and increased regulatory review, investigations, or scrutiny; reduce our customers’ willingness to do business with us; disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers; and subject us to litigation and legal liability under international, U.S. federal and state laws. 19 Table of Contents Any of such results could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Increasing regulatory focus on and expanding laws related to data privacy issues could expose us to increased liability, subject us to lawsuits, investigations, reputational harm and increase costs and restrictions on our operations that could significantly and adversely affect our business. Along with our own data and information collected in the normal course of our business, we, and some of our third-party service providers, collect, use, transfer and retain certain data that is subject to specific laws and regulations. The transfer and use of this data both domestically and across international borders is becoming increasingly complex. This data is subject to governmental regulation at international, federal, state and local levels in many areas of our business, including data privacy and security laws such as the European Union (“EU”) and United Kingdom (“UK”) versions of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”). To date, comprehensive state privacy laws have been proposed or passed in more than twenty U.S. states. We also operate in other jurisdictions (such as Mexico, Peru and Singapore) that have issued, or are considering the issuance of, data privacy laws and regulations. Additionally, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and multiple state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data as well as requiring disclosures regarding such practices. Existing and potential future data privacy laws pose increasingly complex compliance, monitoring and control obligations and could potentially elevate our costs and risk exposure. As the implementation, interpretation, and enforcement of such laws continue to progress and evolve, there may also be developments that amplify such costs and risk exposure. Any failure by us, or by a third-party service provider upon which we rely, to comply with these laws and regulations, including as a result of a cybersecurity incident or privacy breach, could expose us to significant penalties and liabilities, including individual claims or consumer class actions, commercial litigation, administrative, and investigations or actions, regulatory intervention and sanctions or fines. As we integrate artificial intelligence technologies into our processes, these technologies may present business, compliance and reputational risks. Recent and continuously evolving technological advances in artificial intelligence (“AI”) and machine-learning technology present new opportunities and also pose new risks. Our integration of these technologies, whether developed internally or procured through our third-party service providers, into our processes may result in new or expanded risks and liabilities. Such risks and liabilities include enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality or security risks, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. The utilization of AI could also result in loss of intellectual property and subject us to heightened risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. The use of AI can lead to unintended consequences, including generating content that is inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our reputation and expose us to risks related to inaccuracies or errors in the output of such technologies. The availability and cost of renewable identification numbers and credits related to low carbon fuel programs and incentives could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Congress established a RFS program that requires annual volumes of renewable fuel be blended into domestic transportation fuel. As a producer of petroleum-based motor fuels, we are obligated to blend renewable fuels into the products we produce at a rate that is at least commensurate to the EPA’s quota and, to the extent we do not, we must purchase RINs in the open market to satisfy our obligation under the RFS program. Additionally, states, including California, have adopted or are considering adopting LCFS programs, which include the generation and purchase of LCFS credits for compliance. We are exposed to the volatility in the market price of RINs, LCFS credits, and other credits for low carbon fuels and we cannot predict the future prices of RINs, LCFS, or other credits. Prices are dependent upon a variety of factors, including the EPA, LCFS, and other regulations, reduction of the benefits, the availability of RINs or credits for purchase, whether any of the products we produce are deemed not to qualify for compliance, and levels of transportation fuels produced, which can vary significantly from quarter to quarter. There is currently no regulatory method for verifying the validity of most RINs sold on the open market. We have developed a RIN integrity program to vet the RINs that we purchase, and we incur costs to audit RIN generators. Nevertheless, if any of the RINs that we purchase and use for compliance are found to be invalid, we could incur costs and penalties for replacing the invalid RINs. See Item 1. Business – Regulatory Matters for additional information on these and other regulatory compliance matters. Competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks, own their own retail sites, or have greater financial resources may have a competitive advantage. The refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined petroleum products. We compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks, and we do not produce any of our crude oil feedstocks. Our competitors include multinational, integrated major oil companies that can obtain a significant portion of their feedstocks from company-owned production. Competitors that produce crude oil are at times better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refining margins or feedstock shortages. We also compete with other companies for customers for our refined petroleum products. The independent entrepreneurs who operate primarily Marathon-branded outlets and the direct dealer locations we supply compete with other convenience store chains, outlets owned or operated by integrated major oil companies or their dealers or jobbers, and other well-recognized national or regional retail outlets, often selling transportation fuels and merchandise at very competitive prices. Non-traditional 20 Table of Contents transportation fuel retailers, such as supermarkets, club stores and mass merchants, may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions or levels of low or no profitability in the retail segment of the market. The loss of market share by those who operate our branded outlets and the direct dealer locations we supply could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may be negatively impacted by inflation. Increases in inflation may have an adverse effect on us. Such increases in inflation could impact the commodity markets generally, the overall demand for our products and services, our costs for labor, material and services and the margins we are able to realize on our products, all of which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Inflation may also result in higher interest rates, which in turn would result in higher interest expense related to our variable rate indebtedness and any borrowings we undertake to refinance existing fixed rate indebtedness. We are subject to interruptions of supply and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and refined products. We utilize the services of third parties to transport crude oil and refined products to and from our refineries. In addition to our own operational risks, we could experience interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver refined products to market if the ability of the pipelines, railways or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products is disrupted or limited because of weather events, accidents, labor disputes, governmental regulations or third-party actions. In particular, pipelines or railroads provide a nearly exclusive form of transportation of crude oil to, or refined products from, some of our refineries. A prolonged interruption, material reduction or cessation of service of such a pipeline or railway, whether due to private party or governmental action or other reason, or any other prolonged disruption of the ability of the trucks, pipelines, railways or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products to or from one or more of our refineries, can adversely affect us. A significant decrease in oil and natural gas production in MPLX’s areas of operation may adversely affect MPLX’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to its unitholders, including MPC. A significant portion of MPLX’s operations is dependent on the continued availability of natural gas and crude oil production. The production from oil and natural gas reserves and wells owned by its producer customers will naturally decline over time, which means that MPLX’s cash flows associated with these wells will also decline over time. To maintain or increase throughput levels and the utilization rate of MPLX’s facilities, MPLX must continually obtain new oil, natural gas, NGL and refined product supplies, which depend in part on the level of successful drilling activity near its facilities, its ability to compete for volumes from successful new wells and its ability to expand its system capacity as needed. We have no control over the level of drilling activity in the areas of MPLX’s operations, the amount of reserves associated with the wells or the rate at which production from a well will decline. In addition, we have no control over producers or their production decisions, which are affected by demand, prevailing and projected energy prices, drilling costs, operational challenges, access to downstream markets, the level of reserves, geological considerations, governmental regulations and the availability and cost of capital. Reductions or changes in exploration or production activity in MPLX’s areas of operations could lead to reduced throughput on its pipelines and utilization rates of its facilities. Fluctuations in energy prices can negatively affect drilling activity, production rates and investments by third parties in the development of new oil and natural gas reserves. The prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs depend upon factors beyond our control, including global and local demand, production levels, changes in interstate pipeline gas quality specifications, imports and exports, seasonality and weather conditions, alternative energy sources such as wind, solar and other renewable energy technologies, economic and political conditions domestically and internationally and governmental regulations. Sustained periods of low prices could result in producers deciding to limit their oil and gas drilling operations, which could substantially delay the production and delivery of volumes of oil, natural gas and NGLs to MPLX’s facilities and adversely affect their revenues and cash available for distribution to us. This impact may also be exacerbated in circumstances where MPLX’s compensation for services is commodity-based, which are more directly impacted by changes in natural gas and NGL prices than its fee-based contracts due to frac spread exposure and may result in operating losses when natural gas becomes more expensive on a Btu equivalent basis than NGL products. In addition, the purchase and resale of natural gas and NGLs in the ordinary course exposes MPLX to significant risk of volatility in natural gas or NGL prices due to the potential difference in price at the time of the purchases and then the subsequent sales. The significant volatility in natural gas, NGL and crude oil prices could adversely impact MPLX’s unit price, thereby increasing its distribution yield and cost of capital. Such impacts could adversely impact MPLX’s ability to execute its long‑term organic growth projects, satisfy obligations to its customers and make distributions to unitholders at intended levels, and may also result in non-cash impairments of long-lived assets or goodwill or other-than-temporary non-cash impairments of our equity method investments. Severe weather events, other climate conditions and earth movement and other geological hazards may adversely affect our assets and ongoing operations. Our assets are subject to acute physical risks, such as floods, hurricane-force winds, wildfires, winter storms, and earth movement in variable, steep and rugged terrain and terrain with varied or changing subsurface conditions, and chronic physical 21 Table of Contents risks, such as sea-level rise or water shortages. The occurrence of these and similar events have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on our assets and operations. We have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to protect our assets and operations from such physical risks and employ the evolving technologies and processes available to mitigate such risks. To the extent such severe weather events or other climate conditions increase in frequency and severity, we may be required to modify operations and incur costs that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to risks arising from our operations outside the United States and generally to worldwide political and economic developments. We operate and sell some of our products and procure some feedstocks outside the United States. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted by disruptions in any of these markets, including economic instability, restrictions on the transfer of funds, supply chain disruptions, duties and tariffs, transportation delays, difficulty in enforcing contractual provisions, import and export controls, changes in governmental policies, political and social unrest, security issues involving key personnel and changing regulatory and political environments. Future outbreaks of infectious diseases or pandemics could affect demand for refined products and economic conditions generally. In addition, the deterioration of trade relationships, modification or termination of existing trade agreements, imposition of economic sanctions against Russia or other countries and the effects of potential responsive countermeasures, or increased taxes, border adjustments or tariffs can make international business operations more costly, which can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are required to comply with U.S. and international laws and regulations, including those involving anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering. Our training and compliance program and our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from violations committed by our employees or agents. Actual or alleged violations of these laws could disrupt our business and cause us to incur significant legal expenses and could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. More broadly, political and economic factors in global markets could impact crude oil and other feedstock supplies and could have a material adverse effect on us in other ways. Hostilities in the Middle East, Russia or elsewhere or the occurrence or threat of future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the economies of the U.S. and other countries. Lower levels of economic activity often result in a decline in energy consumption, which may cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects. These risks could lead to increased volatility in prices for refined products, NGLs and natural gas. Additionally, these risks could increase instability in the financial and insurance markets and make it more difficult or costly for us to access capital and to obtain the insurance coverage that we consider adequate. Additionally, tax policy, legislative or regulatory action and commercial restrictions could reduce our operating profitability. For example, the U.S. government could prevent or restrict exports of refined products, NGLs, natural gas or the conduct of business in or with certain foreign countries. In addition, foreign countries could restrict imports, investments or commercial transactions or revoke or refuse to grant necessary permits. Our investments in joint ventures could be adversely affected by our reliance on our joint venture partners and their financial condition, and our joint venture partners may have interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. We conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control over certain economic and business interests with our joint venture partners. Our joint venture partners may have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals and interests or may be unable to meet their obligations. Failure by us, or an entity in which we have an interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Terrorist attacks or other targeted operational disruptions may affect our facilities or those of our customers and suppliers. Refining, gathering and processing, pipeline and terminal infrastructure, and other energy assets, may be the subject of terrorist attacks or other targeted operational disruptions. Any attack or targeted disruption of our operations, those of our customers or, in some cases, those of other energy industry participants, could have a material and adverse effect on our business. Similarly, any similar event that severely disrupts the markets we serve could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Financial Risks We have significant debt obligations; therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed by a deterioration of our credit profile or downgrade of our credit ratings, a decrease in debt capacity or unsecured commercial credit available to us, or by factors adversely affecting credit markets generally. At December 31, 2025, our total debt obligations for borrowed money and finance lease obligations were $33.31 billion, including $26.01 billion of obligations of MPLX and its subsidiaries. We may incur substantial additional debt obligations in the future. Our indebtedness may impose various restrictions and covenants on us that could have material adverse consequences, including: 22 Table of Contents • increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions; • limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; • limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders; • limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and • requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends and other purposes. A decrease in our debt or commercial credit capacity, including unsecured credit extended by third-party suppliers, or a deterioration in our credit profile could increase our costs of borrowing money and limit our access to the capital markets and commercial credit. Our credit rating is determined by independent credit rating agencies. We cannot provide assurance that any of our credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Any changes in our credit capacity or credit profile could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Significant variations in the market prices of crude oil and refined products can affect our financial performance. Significant variations in the market prices of products held in our inventories could have a negative or positive effect on our financial performance. In addition, a sustained period of low crude oil prices may also result in significant financial constraints on certain producers from which we acquire our crude oil, which could result in long term crude oil supply constraints for our business. Such conditions could also result in an increased risk that our customers and other counterparties may be unable to fully fulfill their obligations in a timely manner, or at all. A continued period of economic slowdown or recession, or a protracted period of depressed prices for crude oil or refined products, has significant and adverse consequences for our financial condition and the financial condition of our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, and diminishes our liquidity, and negatively affects our ability to obtain adequate crude oil volumes and to market certain of our products at favorable prices, or at all. Our working capital, cash flows and liquidity can be significantly affected by decreases in commodity prices. Payment terms for our crude oil purchases are generally longer than the terms we extend to our customers for refined product sales. As a result, the payables for our crude oil purchases are proportionally larger than the receivables for our refined product sales. Due to this net payables position, a decrease in commodity prices generally results in a use of working capital, and given the significant volume of crude oil that we purchase the impact can materially affect our working capital, cash flows and liquidity. Increases in interest rates could adversely impact our ability to issue equity, refinance existing debt or incur additional debt for acquisitions or other purposes and our ability to pay dividends at our intended levels. Our revolving credit facility has a variable interest rate. As a result, future interest rates on our debt could be higher than current levels, causing our financing costs to increase accordingly. In addition, we may in the future refinance outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility with fixed-rate indebtedness. Interest rates payable on fixed-rate indebtedness typically are higher than the short-term variable interest rates that we pay on borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We also have other fixed-rate indebtedness that we may need or desire to refinance in the future at or prior to the applicable stated maturity. A prolonged rising interest rate environment could have an adverse impact on our ability to issue equity, refinance existing debt or incur additional debt for acquisitions or other purposes on desirable terms, if at all. Accordingly, increases in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay dividends at our intended levels. We may incur losses and additional costs as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions. We currently use commodity derivative instruments, and we expect to continue their use in the future. If the instruments we use to hedge our exposure to various types of risk are not effective, we may incur losses. Derivative transactions involve the risk that counterparties may be unable to satisfy their obligations to us. The risk of counterparty default is heightened in a poor economic environment. In addition, we may be required to incur additional costs in connection with future regulation of derivative instruments to the extent it is applicable to us. We do not insure against all potential losses, and, therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by unexpected liabilities and increased costs. We maintain insurance coverage in amounts we believe to be prudent against many, but not all, potential liabilities arising from operating hazards. Uninsured liabilities arising from operating hazards such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, cybersecurity breaches or other incidents involving our assets or operations can reduce the funds available to us for capital and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Historically, we also have maintained insurance coverage for physical damage and resulting business interruption to our major facilities, with significant self-insured retentions. In the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance of the types and amounts we desire at reasonable rates. 23 Table of Contents We have recorded goodwill and other intangible assets that could become further impaired and result in material non-cash charges to our results of operations. We accounted for certain acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the assets and liabilities of the acquired business be recorded to our balance sheet at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. Any excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the acquired net assets is recognized as goodwill. As of December 31, 2025, our balance sheet reflected $9.4 billion and $2.7 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets, respectively. We have in the past recorded significant impairments of our goodwill. To the extent the value of goodwill or intangible assets becomes further impaired, we may be required to incur additional material non-cash charges relating to such impairment. Our operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and the underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment. Large capital projects can be subject to delays, take years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate significantly between the project approval date and the project startup date, negatively impacting project returns. Delays in completing capital projects or making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to market or supply certain products we produce. Such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: • denials of, delays in receiving, or revocations of requisite regulatory approvals or permits; • unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor, whether due to inflation or other factors; • disruptions in transportation of components or construction materials; • adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of vendors or suppliers; • shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; • market-related increases in a project’s debt or equity financing costs; • global supply chain disruptions; • nonperformance by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors; and • delays due to citizen, state or local political or activist pressure. Any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our ongoing capital projects. If we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our capital project returns and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Legal and Regulatory Risks We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs to meet the requirements of evolving environmental and other laws or regulations. Changes to the federal government’s policies and operations could lead to increased regulatory uncertainty and volatility and increased state regulation, which may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs to meet the requirements of evolving environmental and other laws or regulations. Changes to the federal government’s policies and operations could lead to increased regulatory uncertainty and volatility and increased state regulation, which may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations at the federal, state and local level. These laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our business. Laws and regulations expected to become more stringent relate to the following: • the emission or discharge of materials into the environment; • solid and hazardous waste management; • the regulatory classification of materials currently or formerly used in our business; • pollution prevention; • climate change and GHG emissions; • characteristics