Item 1. Business OVERVIEW MPC has nearly 140 years of history in the energy business, and is a leading, integrated, downstream and midstream energy company. We operate one of the nation's largest refining systems with approximately 3.0 million barrels per day of crude oil refining capacity and believe we are one of the largest wholesale suppliers of gasoline and distillates to resellers in the United States. We distribute our refined products through one of the largest terminal operations in the United States and one of the largest private domestic fleets of inland petroleum product barges. Our integrated midstream energy asset network links producers of natural gas and NGLs from some of the largest supply basins in the United States to domestic and international markets. In addition, we are one of the largest producers and marketers of renewable diesel in the United States. Our operations consist of three reportable operating segments: Refining & Marketing, Midstream and Renewable Diesel. Each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services it offers. • Refining & Marketing – refines crude oil and other feedstocks at our refineries in the Gulf Coast, Mid-Continent and West Coast regions of the United States, purchases refined products and ethanol for resale and distributes refined products through transportation, storage, distribution and marketing services provided largely by our Midstream segment. We sell refined products to wholesale marketing customers domestically and internationally, to buyers on the spot market, to independent entrepreneurs who operate primarily Marathon ® branded outlets and through long-term supply contracts with direct dealers who operate locations mainly under the ARCO ® brand. • Midstream – gathers, transports, stores and distributes crude oil, refined products, including renewable diesel, and other hydrocarbon-based products principally for the Refining & Marketing segment via refining logistics assets, pipelines, terminals, towboats and barges; gathers, treats, processes and transports natural gas; and transports, fractionates, stores and markets NGLs. The Midstream segment primarily reflects the results of MPLX. MPLX is a diversified, large-cap master limited partnership (“MLP”) formed in 2012 that owns and operates midstream energy infrastructure and logistics assets and provides fuels distribution services. As of December 31, 2025, we owned the general partner of MPLX and approximately 64 percent of the outstanding MPLX common units. • Renewable Diesel – processes renewable feedstocks into renewable diesel, markets renewable diesel and distributes renewable diesel through our Midstream segment and third parties. We sell renewable diesel to wholesale marketing customers, to buyers on the spot market and through long-term supply contracts with direct dealers who operate locations mainly under the ARCO ® brand. Corporate History and Structure MPC was incorporated in Delaware on November 9, 2009 in connection with an internal restructuring of Marathon Oil Corporation (“Marathon Oil”). On May 25, 2011, the Marathon Oil board of directors approved the spinoff of its Refining, Marketing & Transportation Business into an independent, publicly traded company, MPC, through the distribution of MPC common stock to the stockholders of Marathon Oil on June 30, 2011. Our common stock trades on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “MPC.” On October 1, 2018, we acquired Andeavor. Andeavor shareholders received in the aggregate approximately 239.8 million shares of MPC common stock valued at $19.8 billion and $3.5 billion in cash. Andeavor was a highly integrated marketing, logistics and refining company operating primarily in the Western and Mid-Continent United States. Our acquisition of Andeavor in 2018 substantially increased our geographic diversification and the scale of our assets, which provides increased opportunities to optimize our system. On May 14, 2021, we completed the sale of Speedway, LLC (“Speedway”), our company-owned and operated retail transportation fuel and convenience store business, to 7-Eleven, Inc. (“7-Eleven”) for cash proceeds of $21.38 billion ($17.22 billion after cash-tax payments). This transaction resulted in a pretax gain of $11.68 billion ($8.02 billion after income taxes), after deducting the book value of the net assets and certain other adjustments. OUR OPERATIONS Refining & Marketing Refineries We currently own and operate refineries in the Gulf Coast, Mid-Continent and West Coast regions of the United States with an aggregate crude oil refining capacity of 2,986 mbpcd. During 2025, our refineries processed 2,787 mbpd of crude oil and 202 mbpd of other charge and blendstocks. During 2024, our refineries processed 2,714 mbpd of crude oil and 208 mbpd of other charge and blendstocks. 4 Table of Contents Our refineries include crude oil atmospheric and vacuum distillation, fluid catalytic cracking, hydrocracking, catalytic reforming, coking, desulfurization and sulfur recovery units. The refineries process a wide variety of condensate and light and heavy crude oils purchased from various domestic and foreign suppliers. We produce numerous refined products, ranging from transportation fuels, such as reformulated gasolines, blend-grade gasolines intended for blending with ethanol and ULSD fuel, to heavy fuel oil and asphalt. Additionally, we manufacture NGLs and petrochemicals and propane. See the Refined Product Sales section for further information about the products we produce. Our refineries are largely integrated with each other via pipelines, terminals and barges to maximize operating efficiency. The transportation links that connect our refineries allow the movement of intermediate products between refineries to optimize operations, produce higher margin products and efficiently utilize our processing capacity. Also, shipping intermediate products between facilities during partial refinery shutdowns allows us to utilize processing capacity that is not directly affected by the shutdown work. Planned maintenance activities, or turnarounds, requiring temporary shutdown of certain refinery operating units, are periodically performed at each refinery. Following is a description of each of our refineries and their capacity by region. Gulf Coast Region (1,248 mbpcd) Galveston Bay, Texas City, Texas Refinery (631 mbpcd) Our Galveston Bay refinery is a combination of our former Texas City refinery and Galveston Bay refinery. Following the completion of the South Texas Asset Repositioning (“STAR”) project in 2023, which added 40 mbpcd of capacity, it is now our largest refinery. The refinery is located on the Texas Gulf Coast southeast of Houston, Texas and can process a wide variety of crude oils into gasoline, distillates, NGLs and petrochemicals, heavy fuel oil and propane. The refinery has access to the export market and multiple options to sell refined products. Our cogeneration facility, which supplies the Galveston Bay refinery, currently has 1,055 megawatts of electrical production capacity and can produce 4.3 million pounds of steam per hour. Approximately 49 percent of the power generated in 2025 was used at the refinery, with the remaining electricity being sold into the electricity grid. Garyville, Louisiana Refinery (617 mbpcd) Our Garyville refinery is located along the Mississippi River in southeastern Louisiana between New Orleans, Louisiana and Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The Garyville refinery is configured to process a wide variety of crude oils into gasoline, distillates, NGLs and petrochemicals, propane, asphalt and heavy fuel oil. The refinery has access to the export market and multiple options to sell refined products. Our Garyville refinery has earned designation as an OSHA VPP Star site. Mid-Continent Region (1,186 mbpcd) Catlettsburg, Kentucky Refinery (307 mbpcd) Our Catlettsburg refinery is located in northeastern Kentucky on the western bank of the Big Sandy River, near the confluence with the Ohio River. The Catlettsburg refinery processes sweet and sour crude oils, including production from the nearby Utica Shale, into gasoline, distillates, asphalt, NGLs and petrochemicals, propane and heavy fuel oil. Our Catlettsburg refinery has earned designation as an OSHA VPP Star site. Robinson, Illinois Refinery (253 mbpcd) Our Robinson refinery is located in southeastern Illinois. The Robinson refinery processes sweet and sour crude oils into gasoline, distillates, NGLs and petrochemicals, propane and heavy fuel oil. The Robinson refinery has earned designation as an OSHA VPP Star site. Detroit, Michigan Refinery (146 mbpcd) Our Detroit refinery is located in southwest Detroit. It is the only petroleum refinery currently operating in Michigan. The Detroit refinery processes sweet and heavy sour crude oils into gasoline, distillates, NGLs and petrochemicals, asphalt, propane and heavy fuel oil. Our Detroit refinery has earned designation as an OSHA VPP Star site. El Paso, Texas Refinery (133 mbpcd) Our El Paso refinery is located east of downtown El Paso. The El Paso refinery processes sweet and sour crude oils into gasoline, distillates, heavy fuel oil, propane, asphalt and NGLs and petrochemicals. St. Paul Park, Minnesota Refinery (105 mbpcd) Our St. Paul Park refinery is located along the Mississippi River southeast of St. Paul Park. The St. Paul Park refinery processes sweet and heavy sour crude oils into gasoline, distillates, asphalt, propane, NGLs and petrochemicals and heavy fuel oil. 5 Table of Contents Canton, Ohio Refinery (100 mbpcd) Our Canton refinery is located south of Cleveland, Ohio. The Canton refinery processes sweet and sour crude oils, including production from the nearby Utica Shale, into gasoline, distillates, asphalt, propane, NGLs and petrochemicals and heavy fuel oil. The Canton refinery has earned designation as an OSHA VPP Star site. Mandan, North Dakota Refinery (72 mbpcd) Our Mandan refinery is located outside of Bismarck, North Dakota. The Mandan refinery processes primarily sweet domestic crude oil from North Dakota into gasoline, distillates, propane, heavy fuel oil and NGLs and petrochemicals. Salt Lake City, Utah Refinery (70 mbpcd) Our Salt Lake City refinery is the largest in Utah and is located north of downtown Salt Lake City. The Salt Lake City refinery processes crude oil from Utah, Colorado, Wyoming and Canada into gasoline, distillates, heavy fuel oil, NGLs and petrochemicals and propane. West Coast Region (552 mbpcd ) Los Angeles, California Refinery (365 mbpcd) Our Los Angeles refinery is located in Los Angeles County, near the Los Angeles Harbor. The Los Angeles refinery is the largest refinery on the West Coast and is a major producer of cleaner burning CARB fuels. The Los Angeles refinery processes heavy crude oil from California’s San Joaquin Valley and Los Angeles Basin, as well as crude oils from the Alaska North Slope, South America, West Africa and other international sources, into CARB gasoline and CARB diesel fuel, as well as conventional gasoline, distillates, NGLs and petrochemicals, heavy fuel oil and propane. Anacortes, Washington Refinery (119 mbpcd) Our Anacortes refinery is located north of Seattle on Puget Sound. The Anacortes refinery processes Canadian crude oil, domestic crude oil from North Dakota and the Alaska North Slope and international crude oils into gasoline, distillates, heavy fuel oil, propane and NGLs and petrochemicals. Kenai, Alaska Refinery (68 mbpcd) Our Kenai refinery is located on the Cook Inlet, southwest of Anchorage. The Kenai refinery processes mainly Alaska domestic crude oil, domestic crude oil from North Dakota, along with limited international crude oil into distillates, gasoline, heavy fuel oil, asphalt, propane and NGLs and petrochemicals. Refined Product Yields The following table sets forth our refinery production by product group for each of the last three years. ( mbpd ) 2025 2024 2023 Gasoline 1,499 1,490 1,526 Distillates 1,093 1,070 1,037 Propane 67 67 66 NGLs and petrochemicals 195 192 182 Heavy fuel oil 90 59 52 Asphalt 79 81 80 Total 3,023 2,959 2,943 Crude Oil Supply We obtain the crude oil we refine through negotiated term contracts and purchases or exchanges on the spot market. Our term contracts generally have market-related pricing provisions. The following table provides information on our sources of crude oil for each of the last three years. The crude oil sourced outside of North America was acquired from various foreign national oil companies, production companies and trading companies. ( mbpd ) 2025 2024 2023 United States 1,966 1,840 1,782 Canada 599 604 597 Other international 222 270 298 Total 2,787 2,714 2,677 6 Table of Contents Our refineries receive crude oil and other feedstocks and distribute our refined products through a variety of channels, including pipelines, trucks, railcars, ships and barges. Refined Product Sales Our refined products are sold to independent retailers, wholesale customers, our brand jobbers and direct dealers. In addition, we sell refined products for export to international customers. As of December 31, 2025, there were 7,882 brand jobber outlets in 40 states, the District of Columbia and Mexico where independent entrepreneurs primarily maintain Marathon-branded outlets. We also have long-term supply contracts for 1,162 direct dealer locations primarily in Southern California, largely under the ARCO ® brand. We believe we are one of the largest wholesale suppliers of gasoline and distillates to resellers and consumers within our market area. The following table sets forth our refined product sales volumes by product group for each of the last three years. ( mbpd ) 2025 (a) 2024 (a) 2023 (a) Gasoline 1,980 1,922 1,933 Distillates 1,237 1,187 1,128 Propane 97 104 90 NGLs and petrochemicals 232 231 220 Heavy fuel oil 94 59 57 Asphalt 78 82 82 Total 3,718 3,585 3,510 (a) Refined product sales include volumes marketed directly to end-users and trading/supply volumes such as bulk sales to large unbranded resellers and other downstream companies. Marketed volumes directly to end-users, including branded retail stations, were 2,449 mbpd, 2,429 mbpd and 2,385 mbpd for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Refined Product Sales Destined for Export We sell gasoline, distillate, asphalt and NGLs for export, primarily out of our Garyville, Galveston Bay, Anacortes and Los Angeles refineries. The following table sets forth our refined product sales destined for export by product group for the past three years. ( mbpd ) 2025 2024 2023 Gasoline 114 116 119 Distillates 195 199 156 Asphalt, NGLs and other 92 87 88 Total 401 402 363 Gasoline and Distillates We sell gasoline, gasoline blendstocks and distillates (including No. 1 and No. 2 fuel oils, jet fuel, kerosene and diesel) to wholesale customers, branded jobbers, direct dealers and on the spot market. In addition, we sell diesel fuel and gasoline for export to international customers. The demand for gasoline and distillates is seasonal in many of our markets, with demand typically at its highest levels during the summer months. NGLs and Petrochemicals We are a producer and marketer of NGLs and petrochemicals. Product availability varies by refinery and includes, among others, propylene, xylene, butane, benzene, toluene and cumene. We market these products domestically to customers in the chemical, agricultural and fuel-blending industries. In addition, we produce fuel-grade coke at our Garyville, Detroit, Galveston Bay and Los Angeles refineries, which is used for power generation and in miscellaneous industrial applications, and anode-grade coke at our Los Angeles and Robinson refineries, which is used to make carbon anodes for the aluminum smelting industry. Asphalt We have refinery-based asphalt production capacity of 143 mbpcd, which includes asphalt cements, polymer-modified asphalt, emulsified asphalt, industrial asphalts and roofing flux. We have a broad customer base, including asphalt-paving contractors, resellers, government entities (states, counties, cities and townships) and asphalt roofing shingle manufacturers. We sell asphalt in the domestic and export wholesale markets via rail, barge and vessel. 7 Table of Contents Propane We produce propane at all of our refineries. Propane is primarily used for home heating and cooking, as a feedstock within the petrochemical industry, for grain drying and as a fuel for trucks and other vehicles. Our propane sales are split approximately 80 percent and 20 percent between the home heating market and industrial/petrochemical consumers, respectively. Heavy Fuel Oil We produce and market heavy residual fuel oil or related components, including slurry, at all of our refineries. Heavy residual fuel oil is primarily used in the utility and ship bunkering (fuel) industries, though there are other more specialized uses of the product. Refining & Marketing Joint Venture We hold a 49.9 percent equity interest in LF Bioenergy, an emerging producer of renewable natural gas (“RNG”) in the U.S. LF Bioenergy has been focused on developing and growing a portfolio of dairy farm-based, low carbon intensity RNG projects. Currently, there are six facilities in operation, with one additional facility under construction that is expected to come online over the next 12 months. Terminals and Transportation We transport, store and distribute crude oil, feedstocks and refined products through pipelines, terminals and marine fleets owned by MPLX and third parties in our market areas. We own a fleet of transport trucks and trailers for the movement of refined products and crude oil. In addition, we maintain a fleet of leased and owned railcars for the movement and storage of refined products. The locations and detailed information about our Refining & Marketing assets are included under Item 2. Properties and are incorporated herein by reference. Competition, Market Conditions and Seasonality The downstream petroleum business is highly competitive, particularly with regard to accessing crude oil and other feedstock supply and the marketing of refined products. We compete with a number of other companies to acquire crude oil for refinery processing and in the distribution and marketing of a full array of refined products. We compete in four distinct markets for the sale of refined products—wholesale, including exports, spot, branded and retail distribution. Our marketing operations compete with numerous other independent marketers, integrated oil companies and high-volume retailers. We compete with companies in the sale of refined products to wholesale marketing customers, including private-brand marketers and large commercial and industrial consumers; companies in the sale of refined products on the spot market; and refiners or marketers in the supply of refined products to refiner-branded independent entrepreneurs. In addition, we compete with producers and marketers in other industries that supply alternative forms of energy and fuels to satisfy the requirements of our industrial, commercial and retail consumers. Market conditions in the oil and gas industry are cyclical and subject to global economic and political events and new and changing governmental regulations. Our operating results are affected by price changes in crude oil, natural gas and refined products, as well as changes in competitive conditions in the markets we serve. Price differentials between sweet and sour crude oils, ANS, WTI and MEH crude oils and other market structure impacts also affect our operating results. Demand for gasoline, diesel fuel and asphalt is higher during the spring and summer months than during the winter months in most of our markets, primarily due to seasonal increases in highway traffic and construction. As a result, the operating results for our Refining & Marketing segment for the first and fourth quarters may be lower than for those in the second and third quarters of each calendar year. Midstream The Midstream segment primarily includes the operations of MPLX, our sponsored MLP, and certain related operations retained by MPC. MPLX MPLX owns and operates a network of crude oil, natural gas and refined product pipelines and has joint ownership interests in crude oil, refined products and other pipelines. MPLX also owns and operates light products terminals, storage assets and maintains a fleet of owned and leased towboats and barges in support of fuels distribution on behalf of MPC. MPLX’s assets also include natural gas gathering systems and natural gas processing and NGL fractionation complexes. MPC-Retained Midstream Assets and Investments We own four Jones Act medium range product tankers, three Jones Act 750 Series ATB vessels and have ownership interests in several crude oil and refined products pipeline systems and pipeline companies. 8 Table of Contents The locations and detailed information about our Midstream assets are included under Item 2. Properties and are incorporated herein by reference. Competition, Market Conditions and Seasonality Our Midstream operations face competition for natural gas gathering, crude oil transportation and in obtaining natural gas supplies for our processing and related services; in obtaining unprocessed NGLs for gathering, transportation and fractionation; and in marketing our products and services. Competition for natural gas supplies is based primarily on the location of gas gathering systems and gas processing plants, operating efficiency and reliability, residue gas and NGL market connectivity, the ability to obtain a satisfactory price for products recovered and the fees charged for the services supplied to the customer. Competition for oil supplies is based primarily on the price and scope of services, location of gathering/transportation and storage facilities and connectivity to the best priced markets. Competitive factors affecting our fractionation services include availability of fractionation capacity, proximity to supply and industry marketing centers, the fees charged for fractionation services and operating efficiency and reliability of service. Competition for customers to purchase our natural gas and NGLs is based primarily on price, credit and market connectivity. In addition, certain of our Midstream operations are subject to rate regulation, which affects the rates that our common carrier pipelines can charge for transportation services and the return we obtain from such pipelines. Our Midstream segment can be affected by seasonal fluctuations in the demand for natural gas and NGLs and the related fluctuations in commodity prices caused by various factors such as changes in transportation and travel patterns and variations in weather patterns from year to year. Renewable Diesel Our Renewable Diesel segment includes a wholly owned facility that processes renewable feedstocks into renewable diesel and renewable joint ventures that produce renewable diesel and renewable feedstocks. Wholly Owned Renewable Processing Facilities The Dickinson, North Dakota renewables facility has the capacity to produce 184 million gallons per year of renewable diesel from corn oil, soybean oil, fats and greases. The produced renewable diesel generates federal RINs, 45Z tax credits and LCFS credits when sold in California or similar markets. These instruments are used to help meet our Renewable Fuel Standard and LCFS compliance obligations as a petroleum fuel producer. We own an aggregation facility in Cincinnati, Ohio and a pre-treatment facility in Beatrice, Nebraska. These facilities supply renewable agricultural feedstocks to our Dickinson and Martinez facilities. Renewable Diesel Joint Ventures The Martinez renewable diesel joint venture (the “Martinez Renewables joint venture”) is a partnership structured as a 50/50 joint venture with Neste Corporation to refine renewable feedstocks into renewable diesel. The Martinez Renewables facility, which has the capacity to produce 730 million gallons per year including pretreatment capabilities, reached full capacity in late 2024. The produced renewable diesel generates federal RINs, 45Z tax credits and LCFS credits when sold in California or similar markets. These instruments are used to help meet our Renewable Fuel Standard and LCFS compliance obligations as a petroleum fuel producer. We formed the Green Bison Soy Processing, LLC (“Green Bison Soy Processing”) joint venture with Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (“ADM”) with ADM owning 75 percent of the joint venture and MPC owning 25 percent. Green Bison Soy Processing’s complex in Spiritwood, North Dakota sources and processes local soybeans and supplies the resulting soybean oil exclusively to MPC and has capacity to produce approximately 600 million pounds of refined soybean oil annually, enough feedstock for approximately 75 million gallons of renewable diesel per year. Competition, Market Conditions and Seasonality The renewable diesel business is evolving, particularly with regard to regulatory credits, access to renewable feedstock supply and the marketing of renewable products. We compete with a number of other companies in acquiring various renewable feedstocks for processing and in the distribution and marketing of renewable diesel and renewable naphtha, primarily on the West Coast. We compete in three distinct markets for the sale of renewable diesel—wholesale, spot and retail distribution. We compete with companies in the sale of renewable diesel to wholesale marketing customers, including private-brand marketers and large commercial and industrial consumers; companies in the sale of renewable diesel on the spot market; and refiners or marketers in the supply of renewable diesel to refiner-branded independent entrepreneurs. In addition, we compete with producers and marketers in other industries that supply a