Item 1A. Risk Factors. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before deciding to invest in our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below and in the documents incorporated by reference herein are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. Risk Factor Summary The following is a summary of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our business, financial condition or operating results to be harmed. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk factors contained in this report in their entirety for additional information regarding these risks and uncertainties. • We have incurred significant losses since inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. If we are unable to achieve or sustain profitability, the market value of our common stock will likely decline; • We have never generated any revenue from product sales and may never be profitable; • We will need to continue our efforts to raise additional funding, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain capital when needed may negatively impact our ability to continue as a going concern; • Our product candidates are based on ddRNAi and silence and replace technology. Currently, no product candidates utilizing ddRNAi technology or silence and replace technology have been approved for commercial sale, and our approach to the development of ddRNAi technology and silence and replace technology may not result in safe, effective or marketable products; • We are early in our product development efforts, and our current product candidate is in early clinical stage. We may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals for the commercialization of our product candidates; • Issues that may impact delivery of our therapeutics to the cell could adversely affect or limit our ability to develop and commercialize product candidates; • We face competition from entities that have developed or may develop product candidates for our target disease indications, including companies developing novel treatments and technology platforms based on modalities and technology similar to ours; • If we are unable to obtain or protect sufficient intellectual property rights related to our product candidates, we may not be able to obtain exclusivity for our product candidates or prevent others from developing similar competitive products. • We rely on third parties for the manufacture and supply of our product candidates, and any disruption in these relationships or in the manufacturing process could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates; • Physicians, patients, third-party payers, or others in the medical community may not be receptive to our product candidates, and we may not generate any future revenue from the sale or licensing of our product candidates; • Legislative and regulatory reforms affecting drug pricing and healthcare reimbursement, including Medicare drug-price negotiation and Medicaid funding changes, may adversely affect our ability to commercialize our product candidates profitably; • Any inability to attract and retain qualified key management and technical personnel would impair our ability to implement our business plan; • Our internal computer and information technology systems, or those of our third parties, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a disruption of our product development programs; • We could face potential product liability claims and, if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability and costs; and • Funding and staffing disruptions at the FDA and other government agencies could hinder their ability to perform normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely. 
 17 

 Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements We have incurred significant losses since inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. If we are unable to achieve or sustain profitability, the market value of our common stock will likely decline. As of June 30, 2026, we had accumulated losses of $273.7 million. We have devoted most of our financial resources to research and development, including our clinical and preclinical development activities. To date, we and our predecessor have financed our operations primarily through the issuance of equity securities, research and development grants from the Australian government and payments from our collaboration partners. We do not expect to generate any significant revenue for the foreseeable future, and we expect to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future due to the cost of research and development, preclinical studies and clinical trials and the regulatory approval process for product candidates. The amount of our future net losses is uncertain and will depend, in part, on the rate of our future expenditures. Our ability to continue operations will depend on, among other things, our ability to obtain funding through equity or debt financings, strategic collaborations or additional grants. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses, and we may incur operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: • continue our research and preclinical development of our product candidates; • expand the scope of our current preclinical and clinical studies or initiate additional preclinical or other studies for product candidates; • seek regulatory and marketing approvals for any of our product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; • further develop the manufacturing process for our product candidates; • change or add additional manufacturers or suppliers; • seek to identify and validate additional product candidates; • acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies, which may or may not include those related to our ddRNAi technology and delivery vectors for our therapeutic candidates; • maintain, protect and expand our intellectual property portfolio; • create additional infrastructure to support our operations as a public company in the United States and our product development and future commercialization efforts; and • experience any delays or encounter issues with any of the above. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year, such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a good indication of our future performance. In any particular quarter or quarters, our operating results could be below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. We have never generated any revenue from product sales and may never be profitable. Our ability to generate significant revenue and achieve profitability depends on our ability to, alone or with strategic collaboration partners, successfully complete the development of and obtain the regulatory approvals for our product candidates, to manufacture sufficient supply of our product candidates, to establish a sales and marketing organization or suitable third-party alternative for the marketing of any approved products and to successfully commercialize any approved products on commercially reasonable terms. Our ability to generate future revenues from commercializing product candidates depends heavily on our success in: • establishing proof of concept in preclinical studies and clinical trials for our product candidates; • successfully initiating and completing clinical trials of our product candidates; • obtaining regulatory and marketing approvals for product candidates for which we complete clinical trials; • maintaining, protecting and expanding our intellectual property portfolio, and avoiding infringing on intellectual property of third parties; • establishing and maintaining successful licenses, collaborations and alliances with third parties; • developing a sustainable, scalable, reproducible and transferable manufacturing process for our product candidates; 
 18 

 • establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties that can provide products and services adequate, in amount and quality, to support clinical development and commercialization of our product candidates, if approved; • launching and commercializing any product candidates for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval, either by collaborating with a partner or, if launched independently, by establishing a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure; • obtaining market acceptance of any product candidates that receive regulatory approval as viable treatment options; • obtaining favorable coverage and reimbursement rates for our products from third-party payers; • addressing any competing technological and market developments; • identifying and validating new product candidates; and • negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter. The process of developing product candidates for ddRNAi-based and antisense RNA-based therapeutics contains a number of inherent risks and uncertainties. For example, with regard to ddRNAi, it may not be possible to identify a target region of a disease-associated gene that has not been previously identified and/or patented by others, resulting in restrictions on freedom to operate for that target sequence. Silencing the target gene may not ultimately result in curing the disease as there may be more factors contributing to the development of the disease than the target gene. Silencing the target gene using ddRNAi may lead to short-term or long-term adverse effects that were not predicted or observed in preclinical studies. The delivery of the DNA construct to the target cells may not be possible, or complete or adequate to provide sufficient therapeutic benefit. Even if one or more of our product candidates is approved for commercial sale, we may incur significant costs associated with commercializing any approved product candidate. As one example, our expenses could increase beyond expectations if we are required by the United States Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) or other regulatory agencies, domestic or foreign, to perform clinical and other studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate. Even if we are able to generate revenues from the sale of any approved products, we may not become profitable and may need to obtain additional funding to continue operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We will need to continue our efforts to raise additional funding, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain capital when needed may negatively impact our ability to continue as a going concern. Because the length of time and activities associated with the successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain, we are unable to estimate the actual funds we will require for development and any approved marketing and commercialization activities. In any event, we will require additional capital to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates and to commercialize any product candidates that receive regulatory approval. We estimate that our cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund the Company’s operations for at least the next twelve months after the date that this Annual Report is filed. Any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may compromise our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders, and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. If we incur indebtedness we may be required to agree to restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could compromise our ability to conduct our business. We could also seek financing through arrangements with collaborative partners at an earlier stage than would otherwise be desirable, and we may be required to relinquish rights to some or all of our technologies or product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us. If we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, we may be required to significantly curtail, delay or discontinue one or more of our research or development programs or the commercialization of any approved product candidates. We will continue to seek to raise additional working capital through public equity, private equity or debt financings. If we fail to raise additional working capital, or do so on commercially unfavorable terms, it may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. Future reports from our independent registered public accounting firm may also contain statements expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we seek additional financing to fund our business activities in the future and there remains substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, investors or other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
 19 

 Risks Related to the Product Development and Regulatory Approval of Our Product Candidates Our product candidates are based on ddRNAi and silence and replace technology. Currently, no product candidates utilizing ddRNAi technology or silence and replace technology have been approved for commercial sale, and our approach to the development of ddRNAi technology and silence and replace technology may not result in safe, effective or marketable products. We have concentrated our product research and development efforts on our ddRNAi technology and silence and replace technology, and our future success depends on successful clinical development of these technologies. We plan to progress our product candidates using our ddRNAi technology and our silence and replace technology for the treatment of the life-threatening conditions of OPMD. The scientific research that forms the basis of our efforts to develop product candidates is based on the therapeutic use of ddRNAi, and the identification, optimization and delivery of ddRNAi-based product candidates is relatively new. The scientific evidence to support the feasibility of successfully developing therapeutic treatments based on ddRNAi is preliminary and limited. There can be no assurance that any development and technical problems we experience in the future will not cause significant delays or unanticipated costs, or that such development problems can be solved. We may be unable to reach agreement on favorable terms, or at all, with providers of vectors needed to optimize delivery of our product candidates to target disease cells and we may also experience unanticipated problems or delays in expanding our manufacturing capacity or transferring our manufacturing process to commercial partners, any of which may prevent us from completing our preclinical trials, initiating clinical trials or commercializing our products on a timely or profitable basis, if at all. Only a few product candidates based on ddRNAi have been tested in either animals or humans, and a number of clinical trials conducted by other companies using other forms of RNAi technologies have not been successful. We may discover that application of ddRNAi does not possess properties required for a therapeutic benefit, such as the ability to continually express shRNAs for the period of time required to be maximally effective or the ability of viral vectors or other technologies to effectively deliver ddRNAi constructs to target cells in therapeutically relevant concentrations. In addition, application of ddRNAi-based products in humans may result in safety issues. We currently have only limited data, and no conclusive evidence, to suggest that we can effectively produce effective therapeutic treatments using our ddRNAi technology. We are early in our product development efforts, and our current product candidates are still in preclinical development. We may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals for the commercialization of our product candidates. The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, approval, selling, marketing and distribution of biologics is subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities, and these regulations differ from country to country. We do not have any products on the market and are early in our development efforts. Our lead product candidate, BB-301, is in early clinical development. Our product candidates are subject to the risks of failure typical for development of biologics. The development and approval process is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. In addition, the outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. We have not submitted a marketing application, or received marketing approval, for any of our product candidates and will not submit any applications for marketing approval for several years. We have limited experience in conducting and managing clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approvals, including marketing approval by the FDA. To receive marketing approval, we must, among other things, demonstrate with evidence from clinical trials that the product candidate is both safe and effective for each indication for which approval is sought, and failure can occur in any stage of development. Satisfaction of the marketing approval requirements typically takes several years and the time needed to satisfy them may vary substantially, based on the type, complexity and novelty of the biopharmaceutical product. We cannot predict if or when we might receive regulatory approvals for any of our product candidates currently under development. The FDA and foreign regulatory authorities also have substantial discretion in the biopharmaceutical product approval process. The numbers, types and sizes of preclinical studies and clinical trials that will be required for regulatory approval varies depending on the product candidate, the disease or condition that the product candidate is designed to address and the regulations applicable to any particular product candidate. Approval policies, regulations or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain marketing approval may change during the course of a product candidate’s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions, and there may be varying interpretations of data obtained from preclinical studies or clinical trials, any of which may cause delays or limitations in the marketing approval or the decision not to approve an application. Regulatory agencies can delay, limit or deny marketing approval of a product candidate for many reasons, including: • the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of any future clinical trials; • we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication; 
 20 

 • the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; • the patients recruited for a particular clinical program may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure safety and effectiveness in the full population for which we seek approval; • the results of clinical trials may not confirm the positive results from earlier preclinical studies or clinical trials; • we may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate’s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; • the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; • the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to the satisfaction of FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to support the submission of a biologics license application, or BLA, or other comparable submission in foreign jurisdictions or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; • the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may only agree to approve a product candidate under conditions that are so restrictive that the product is not commercially viable; • regulatory agencies might not approve or might require changes to our manufacturing processes or facilities; or • regulatory agencies may change their approval policies or adopt new regulations in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. Any delay in obtaining or failure to obtain required approvals could materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenue from the particular product candidate, which likely would result in significant harm to our financial position and adversely impact the price of our common stock. Furthermore, any regulatory approval to market a product may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which we may market the product. These limitations may limit the size of the market for the product. We are not permitted to market our product candidates in the United States or in other countries until we receive approval of a BLA from the FDA or marketing approval from applicable regulatory authorities outside the United States. Obtaining approval of a BLA can be a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process. If we fail to obtain FDA approval to market our product candidates, we will be unable to sell our product candidates in the United States, which will significantly impair our ability to generate revenues. In addition, failure to comply with FDA and non-U.S. regulatory requirements may, either before or after product approval, if any, subject us to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions, including: • restrictions on our ability to conduct clinical trials, including full or partial clinical holds on ongoing or planned trials; • restrictions on the products, manufacturers, or manufacturing process; • warning letters; • civil and criminal penalties; • injunctions; • suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals; • product seizures, detentions or import bans; • voluntary or mandatory product recalls and publicity requirements; • total or partial suspension of production; • imposition of restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; and • refusal to approve pending BLAs or supplements to approved BLAs. Even if we do receive regulatory approval to market a product candidate, any such approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which we may market the product. It is possible that none of our existing product candidates or any product candidates we may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain the appropriate regulatory approvals necessary for us or our collaborators to commence product sales. Any delay in obtaining, or an inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approvals would prevent us from commercializing our product candidates, generating revenues and achieving and sustaining profitability. 
 21 

 Because our ddRNAi and silence and replace product candidates are considered gene therapies, it is difficult to predict the time and cost of product candidate development as well as subsequently obtaining regulatory approval. The clinical trial requirements of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities and the criteria these regulators use to determine the safety and efficacy of a product candidate vary substantially according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use and market of such product candidates. The regulatory approval process for novel product candidates such as ours can be more expensive and take longer than for other pharmaceutical product candidates. The FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities have relatively limited experience with ddRNAi-based and silence and replace-based therapeutics, which makes it difficult to determine how long it will take or how much it will cost to obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates in the United States or other countries. We and our current collaborators, or any future collaborators, may never receive approval to market and commercialize any product candidate. Even if we obtain or a collaborator obtains regulatory approval, the approval may be for disease indications or patient populations that are not as broad as we intended or desired and may require labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings. Regulatory requirements governing gene and cell therapy products have changed frequently and may continue to change in the future. Also, before a clinical trial can begin at any institution, that institution’s, IRB, and its IBC, if it has one, have to review the proposed clinical trial to assess the safety of the trial. In addition, adverse developments in clinical trials of gene therapy products conducted by others may cause the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory bodies to change the requirements for approval of any of our product candidates. Delay or failure to obtain, or unexpected costs in obtaining, the regulatory approval necessary to bring a potential product to market would delay or prevent us from commercializing our product candidates, generating revenues and achieving and sustaining profitability. The FDA has recently required additional and in some cases more stringent clinical trial designs and clinical trial data for gene therapy product candidates, even where companies believed they had previously established alignment with the FDA on their trial designs. From time to time, the FDA may provide written feedback on clinical trial design elements, including an indication that it would be willing to consider a regulatory pathway based on limited clinical data, such as data from a single pivotal study. However, even if the FDA initially agrees that a particular data set or development plan could support a marketing application, the agency could later determine that additional or more comprehensive clinical evidence is required, including randomized controlled trials, larger patient populations, longer follow-up periods, different or additional endpoints, or confirmatory studies. Any unexpected changes to trial design requirements for our ddRNAi-based gene therapy product candidates could require us to conduct additional or modified clinical studies, resulting in increased costs and delays to our development timelines. Positive results from preclinical studies of our product candidates are not necessarily predictive of the results of our planned clinical trials of our product candidates. Positive results in preclinical proof of concept and animal studies of our product candidates may not result in positive results in clinical trials in humans. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in clinical trials after achieving positive results in preclinical development or early stage clinical trials, and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. These setbacks have been caused by, among other things, preclinical findings made while clinical trials were underway or safety or efficacy observations made in clinical trials, including adverse events. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA or other regulatory authority approval. If we fail to produce positive results in our clinical trials of our product candidates, the development timeline and regulatory approval and commercialization prospects for our product candidates, and, correspondingly, our business and financial prospects, would be negatively impacted. Issues that may impact delivery of our therapeutics to the cell could adversely affect or limit our ability to develop and commercialize product candidates. Successful clinical development of ddRNAi-based therapeutics and silence and replace-based therapeutics is largely dependent on using the appropriate delivery methodologies, including viral vectors, to obtain therapeutically relevant concentrations of the DNA constructs that express the shRNAs and engineered transgenes in the appropriate target cells. To develop effective product candidates, we will need to license delivery technologies from third parties or develop delivery technologies with research collaborators. Although delivery technologies, including AAV vectors, have been identified and are well defined for specific tissue types, we continue to seek vectors with ideal delivery properties for indications we are pursuing, including OPMD. The tissue tropism and other physical properties of AAV vectors are limited and may not be effective for other product candidates or delivery into a wide array of tissue types. AAV vectors can also trigger immune responses in some patients, and those patients will not derive clinical benefit from administration of a product candidate unless steps are taken to clinically address the issue. If we or our collaborators are not successful in identifying effective delivery methodologies to achieve a therapeutically relevant 
 22 

 concentration for our product candidates in the target tissues, we may not succeed in developing marketable products. In addition, if we are unable to reach agreement on favorable terms, or at all, with providers of any effective vectors that we do identify, we may not succeed in completing our clinical trials or commercializing our products on a timely or profitable basis, if at all. We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical trials, and patients could discontinue their participation in our current and any future clinical trials, which could delay or prevent our clinical trials of our product candidates and make those trials more expensive to undertake. Identifying and qualifying patients to participate in clinical trials of our product candidates is critical to our success. The timing of our clinical trials depends on the speed at which we can recruit patients to participate in testing our product candidates. Patients may be unwilling to participate in any clinical trials because of negative publicity from adverse events in the biotechnology, RNAi or gene therapy industries. Patients may be unavailable for other reasons, including competitive clinical trials for similar patient populations, and the timeline for recruiting patients, conducting trials and obtaining regulatory approval of potential products may be delayed. If we have difficulty enrolling a sufficient number of patients to conduct any future clinical trials as planned, we may need to delay, limit or discontinue those clinical trials. Clinical trial delays could result in increased costs, slower product development, setbacks in testing the safety and effectiveness of our technology or discontinuation of the clinical trials altogether. We may not be able to identify, recruit and enroll a sufficient number of patients, or those with required or desired characteristics to achieve diversity in a trial, to complete any clinical trials in a timely manner. Patient enrollment is affected by factors including: • finding and diagnosing patients; • severity of the disease under investigation; • design of the clinical trial protocol; • size and nature of the patient population; • eligibility criteria for the trial in question; • perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study; • proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients; • availability of competing therapies and clinical trials; • clinicians’ and patients’ perceptions of the potential advantages of the product being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new products that may be approved for the indications we are investigating; • patient referral practices of physicians; and • ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment. We or any potential collaborators plan to seek initial marketing approval for our product candidates in the United States and other regions and countries. We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials in a timely manner if we cannot enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in the clinical trials required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory agencies. Our ability to successfully initiate, enroll and complete a clinical trial in any foreign country is subject to numerous risks unique to conducting business in foreign countries, including: • difficulty in establishing or managing relationships with contract research organizations, or CROs, clinical sites and physicians; • different standards for the conduct of clinical trials; • our inability to locate and engage qualified local consultants, physicians and partners; and • the potential burden of complying with a variety of foreign laws, medical standards and regulatory requirements, including the regulation of biopharmaceutical and biotechnology products and treatments. In addition, patients enrolled in clinical trials may discontinue their participation at any time during the trial as a result of a number of factors, including experiencing adverse events, which may or may not be judged related to our product candidates under evaluation. The discontinuation of patients in any one of our trials may cause us to delay or discontinue our clinical trial, or cause the results from that trial not to be positive or sufficient to support either partnering with a pharmaceutical or biotechnology company to further develop and commercialize the product candidate or filing for regulatory approval of the product candidate. 
 23 

 We may encounter substantial delays in our clinical trials or we may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of any of our product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidates in humans. Clinical trials are expensive and time-consuming, and their outcome is uncertain. We cannot guarantee that any particular clinical trials will be initiated or conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include: • inability to generate sufficient preclinical, toxicology or other data to support the initiation of human clinical trials; • delays in reaching consensus with regulatory agencies on trial design; • identifying, recruiting and training suitable clinical investigators; • delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites; • delays in obtaining required IRB or IBC approval at each clinical trial site; • delays in recruiting suitable patients to participate in our clinical trials; • imposition of a clinical hold by regulatory agencies, including after an inspection of our clinical trial operations or trial sites; • failure by our CROs, other third parties or us to adhere to clinical trial requirements; • failure to perform in accordance with the FDA’s good clinical practices, or GCP, or applicable regulatory requirements in other countries; • inability to manufacture, test, release, import or export for use sufficient quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical trials; • failure to manufacture our product candidate in accordance with cGMP requirements or applicable regulatory guidelines in other countries; • delays in the testing, validation and manufacturing of our product candidates; • delays in the delivery of our product candidates to the clinical trial sites; • delays in having patients complete participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; • clinical trial sites dropping out of a trial; • occurrence of serious adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits; • changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical trial protocols; • clinical trials of our product candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or discontinue product development programs. Further, a clinical trial may be suspended or discontinued by us, our collaborators, the IRBs or the IBCs at the sites in which such trials are being conducted, the data safety monitoring board, or DSMB, for such trial, or by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities due to a number of factors, including the imposition of a clinical hold or termination of a trial due to failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects of our product candidate, or a product candidate from another company that shares similar properties, failure to demonstrate adequate benefit from using a product candidate, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. If we experience discontinuation of, or delays in the completion of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of our product candidates may be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates may be eliminated or delayed. Furthermore, many of the factors that lead to a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. In addition, if we or our third-party collaborators make significant manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates, we or they may need to conduct additional studies to bridge the modified product candidates to earlier versions to ensure comparability, safety and efficacy of the two different product candidates. Any inability to successfully complete preclinical and clinical development could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to commercialize our programs and product candidates. Clinical trial delays could also shorten any periods during which we may 
 24 

 have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. If the results of our clinical trials are inconclusive or if there are safety concerns or adverse events associated with our product candidates, we may: • fail to obtain, or be delayed in obtaining, marketing approval for our product candidates; • obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired; • obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings; • need to change the way the product is administered; • be required to perform additional clinical trials to support approval or be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; • have regulatory authorities withdraw their marketing approval of the product after granting it; • have regulatory authorities impose restrictions on distribution of the product in the form of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, or modified REMS, that limit our ability to commercialize the product; • be subject to the addition of labeling statements, such as warnings or contraindications; • be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; or • experience damage to our reputation. Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of our product candidates and impair our ability to commercialize our product candidates. In addition, principal investigators for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and may receive cash or equity compensation in connection with such services. If these relationships and any related compensation result in perceived or actual conflicts of interes