ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The following risk factors should be considered carefully together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face and represent risks that management currently believes are material to the Company and its business. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem not material may also harm our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be harmed. MACROECONOMIC, MARKET AND STRATEGIC RISKS RV industry sales volumes can be volatile as the industry is both cyclical and seasonal, making our business subject to significant fluctuations in production rates, sales, net income and stock price. The RV industry has historically been characterized by cycles of growth and contraction in consumer demand, generally reflecting prevailing overall economic and market conditions (such as the level of inflation, interest rates and tariffs), consumer sentiment, consumer behavior and demographic conditions which affect disposable income for leisure-time activities. These changes can affect the RV industry suddenly and significantly. Consequently, the results of any prior period may not be indicative of results for any future period. Furthermore, if RV industry sales were to decline to levels significantly below our planning assumptions, the decline could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition to the cyclicality of the RV industry, we have experienced, and expect to experience in future periods, significant variability in quarterly production rates, sales, net income and cash flows as a result of annual seasonality in our business. Because recreational vehicles are used primarily by vacationers and campers, demand, sales, profits and cash flows in the RV industry generally decline during the fall and winter months, while demand, sales, profits and cash flows are generally highest during the spring and summer months. Various factors, including economic conditions, desired dealer stocking levels, supply chain disruptions and constraints in the labor pool, have disrupted, and may disrupt in the future, the historical trends in the seasonality of our business in both North America and Europe. Our business is structured, particularly in the United States, to align production rates and our cost structure to meet rapidly changing market conditions. However, if we are unable to ramp production and the corresponding workforce up or down quickly enough in response to rapid changes in demand, we may not be able to effectively manage our costs, which could adversely affect operating results, and we may also lose sales and market share. The market price of our common stock may experience significant volatility due to factors both related and unrelated to our operating performance, including changes in economic and industry conditions, interest rates and credit availability, trade and regulatory developments, competitive activity, investor expectations regarding our growth and profitability and other events beyond our control. Our stock price may also reflect expectations regarding our strategic initiatives, dividend rate and stock repurchase activity. If we fail to meet these or other market expectations, the price of our common stock could decline significantly. 12 With our global footprint, macroeconomic, geopolitical and trade-related developments could materially adversely affect our business. Due to the interconnectedness of the global economy, a financial crisis, economic downturn or recession, trade policy volatility, geopolitical tensions, armed conflicts, sanctions, export controls, natural disasters, public health emergencies or other significant events in one area of the world can have a sudden material adverse effect on global markets, international trade, supply chains and the regions in which we operate and sell our products. RV industry sales volume in our key markets can be volatile and could decline if there is a financial crisis, recession or significant geopolitical event. Our results of operations are generally sensitive to changes in overall economic, political and geopolitical conditions, including recessionary conditions, inflationary or deflationary pressures, changing trade policies, tariffs, sanctions, export controls, geopolitical fragmentation, restrictions on cross-border commerce, prolonged high unemployment, significant changes in energy availability or prices, consumer confidence, interest rates, restrictions or shortages of natural gas or other fuels, terrorism, military conflicts and other disruptions affecting the global economy. Historically, we have seen that in times of economic uncertainty, consumers who have less discretionary income generally defer spending on high-cost, discretionary products, such as RVs. In recent periods, we have seen demand for RVs remain depressed amid ongoing conflicts, inflation, persistently higher interest rates, political and trade policy uncertainty and numerous other macroeconomic indicators that have remained challenging in the regions in which we operate. If economic and political conditions worsen and RV demand continues to decline, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. The RV industry is highly competitive in both North America and Europe and our requirements as a public company may put us at a competitive disadvantage. The RV industry is generally characterized by relatively low barriers to entry, which results in a highly competitive business environment. According to Stat Surveys and CIVD, respectively, there are approximately 80 RV manufacturers in the U.S. and Canada and approximately 30 RV manufacturers across Europe. Competition within the industry is based on price, design, value, quality, service, brand awareness and reputation, as well as other factors. Competitive pressures have, from time to time, resulted in reduced profit margins and/or market share. In periods of economic downturn, these competitive pressures can increase as RV manufacturers compete for a share of a smaller RV market. Sustained increases in these competitive pressures could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, as a public company, we are required to disclose certain information that may put us at a competitive disadvantage compared to certain of our competitors who are either privately owned or are not required to disclose specific industry-related information due to the immateriality of that information to their parent company’s consolidated operations. Due to the anticipated long-term interest in the RV lifestyle, a number of start-up companies in North America, and certain automotive manufacturers, in both North America and Europe, have in the recent past entered the RV industry and introduced products that directly compete with our products. If existing or new competitors develop products that are superior to, more innovative than, achieve better consumer acceptance than or are offered at a lower net price to dealers than our products, our market share, sales volume and profit margins may be adversely affected. In addition, a number of our operating subsidiaries compete directly with each other. We also compete against consumer demand for used recreational vehicles, particularly during periods of economic downturn. Increased availability of used recreational vehicles and significant price differences between new and used recreational vehicles, as a result of an economic downturn or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and our results of operations. We also compete with other discretionary leisure and vacation alternatives. Changes in the availability or relative value of these alternatives could reduce demand for new recreational vehicles and adversely affect our sales and profitability. Our success depends on our ability to develop, commercialize and market innovative products and technologies. A key driver of our historical performance and growth has been our ability to maintain strong brands and develop and introduce innovative products at competitive costs that meet evolving consumer demand. Technological advances, changing consumer preferences and evolving governmental regulations may require us to modify our product offerings, including the continued development of lightweight, electric, hybrid, autonomous and connected recreational vehicles, as well as related digital services. The increasing integration of connected vehicle technologies, telematics and software-enabled features into our products may also expose us to additional product development costs, cybersecurity and data privacy risks, evolving regulatory requirements applicable to connected vehicles and potential liability associated with the performance, security or reliability of these technologies. Our ability to maintain or improve our market position depends on numerous factors beyond our control, including technological advancements, regulatory developments, infrastructure improvements (such as vehicle charging networks) and market acceptance of new technologies. 13 Successfully developing, manufacturing and commercializing new products and services requires significant investment and involves substantial uncertainty. Our investments in automation, product innovation and digital capabilities may not achieve their intended benefits or generate commercially successful products. New products may not achieve market acceptance, may reduce sales of existing products or may be introduced by competitors more successfully or at lower prices. If we fail to successfully develop, commercialize or adapt our products and services to evolving market conditions, our sales, profitability and competitive position could be materially adversely affected. OPERATIONAL RISKS Increases in the cost of raw materials and component parts could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our manufacturing operations require substantial quantities of raw materials and component parts, including aluminum, lumber, petroleum-based products, chassis, electronics, appliances, furniture and other components. The prices of these materials and components are subject to volatility due to inflation, changes in supply and demand, tariffs and trade policies, energy costs, transportation costs, labor costs, currency fluctuations and other economic factors beyond our control. Our ability to recover higher costs depends on market conditions, consumer demand, competitive pricing pressures and dealer acceptance of price increases. In periods of weakened demand or heightened competition, we may be unable to fully recover increased costs through higher selling prices. In addition, sustained increases in the cost of raw materials or component parts, or our inability to timely recover those increases through pricing or other cost-saving initiatives, could reduce gross margins and profitability and materially adversely affect our net sales, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We are highly dependent on our suppliers to deliver raw materials and component parts on a timely basis and in sufficient quantities to meet our production demands. We depend on timely and sufficient delivery of raw materials and component parts from our suppliers. If there is a shortage of raw materials or component parts in our supply chain or a supplier is unable to deliver raw materials and component parts to us because of production issues, labor constraints, limited availability of materials, shipping problems or other reasons, the shortage may disrupt our operations or increase our cost of production. We are experiencing, and have in the past experienced, supply shortages and delivery delays of non-chassis raw material components in Europe, which adversely affects production efficiency and results in an elevated level of work in process inventory on hand compared to historical norms. Such conditions adversely affect net sales and financial results due to delays in completing units on the production line and carrying higher volumes of incomplete units than historical norms. Raw materials and component parts are generally sourced from a number of suppliers that may lack: (1) the ability to meet our needs timely or completely, (2) the financial reserves or borrowing power to successfully manage through economic hardship or (3) the ability to financially support potential warranty or recall demands. Additionally, some of our suppliers have in the past discontinued, or could in the future discontinue, their business or the materials or component parts we currently acquire from them with little or no warning. If we are not adequately sourced for certain raw materials or key component parts, the discontinuation of even some smaller suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, certain raw materials and component parts are sourced from countries where we do not currently have operations. We rely on the free flow of goods through open and operational transportation routes and ports on a consistent basis for a portion of our raw materials and components. Changes in trade policy and resulting tariffs that have or may be imposed, along with port, production or other delays, have, in the past, and could, in the future, cause increased costs for, or shortages of, certain raw materials and components. We may not be able to source alternative supplies without incurring increased costs, or at all. If alternative sources of these raw materials and components are not readily available, our net sales, earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected. The European RV industry is experiencing, and both the North American and European RV industries have in the recent past experienced, shortages of chassis for various reasons, including component shortages, production delays, capacity constraints, labor constraints and work stoppages at the chassis manufacturers. In the recent past, a number of our North American and European chassis suppliers experienced supply constraints of key components they required to manufacture chassis, including semiconductor chips, which limited their production of chassis. The reduced supply of chassis adversely affects our production rates and sales of motorized RVs, particularly in Europe. In addition, within our European operations, unpredictable deliveries of chassis by the chassis manufacturers have further adversely affected our results of operations due to missed sales and/or increased labor and overhead costs related to adjusting our own production schedules to accommodate the chassis received versus the chassis expected to be delivered. Such conditions adversely affect our results of operations. 14 Government regulations aimed at reducing emissions and increasing fuel efficiency that impact our motorized chassis suppliers could adversely affect their production capacity and cost structure, which could in turn adversely affect the supply of motorized chassis and/or result in increased input costs for our products. Government regulations could also accelerate the transition to hybrid or fully electric vehicles, which may impact our product offerings and increase the cost of motorized chassis. Such increases in cost could outweigh the perceived benefits to consumers, adversely affecting our sales mix and pricing, resulting in decreased sales and/or margins. In addition, increased restrictions have been, and may in the future be, imposed on various products and chemicals utilized in the production of our vehicles. These include a class of chemicals known as per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ("PFAS") and products containing, or capable of releasing, formaldehyde. PFAS are widely used in parts and materials that are incorporated into our products, and restrictions on PFAS may adversely affect our supply chain due to the potentially decreased availability, or unavailability, of PFAS-containing parts and materials. Likewise, many of the wood-based products, adhesives, and other materials used in our vehicle interiors can release formaldehyde. Recently adopted European Union restrictions establish formaldehyde emission limits for articles placed on the EU market after August 6, 2026 and for the interior of road vehicles placed on the EU market after August 6, 2027, and other jurisdictions, including the United States, impose similar formaldehyde emission standards on composite wood products. Compliance with these and similar future requirements may require changes to the materials we use, increase our material, testing and production costs, limit the availability of compliant materials from our suppliers or restrict our ability to sell certain products in affected markets, any of which could adversely affect our net sales, earnings and cash flows. We rely on a small number of suppliers for certain key components, including chassis, and we may not be able to source these key components from alternative suppliers. Certain key components are currently produced by only a small group of suppliers that have the capacity to supply large quantities, primarily (1) motorized chassis, where there are a limited number of chassis suppliers, and (2) doors, towable frames, slide-out mechanisms, axles and upholstered furniture for our recreational vehicles, where LCI Industries is a major supplier for these items within the North American RV industry. Consolidation within our North American RV industry supplier base, including announced or future mergers, acquisitions or other strategic transactions involving significant key component suppliers, could reduce the number of available suppliers for certain products, increase supplier concentration, enhance the bargaining position of our suppliers, inhibit our ability to source components from alternative suppliers, and could result in increased component costs or inadequate supply. For example, in June 2026 Patrick Industries and LCI Industries, two of the largest component suppliers to the North American RV industry, announced a proposed merger which, if completed, would further increase supplier concentration within our industry. These conditions may result in decreased margins, higher wholesale product costs or limited production output, which could ultimately result in lower demand for our products, decreased sales and reduced operating results. Our motorized chassis suppliers may need to substantially modify their product offerings to comply with regulations related to emissions, fuel economy, autonomous driving technology, environmental and other regulations, which could result in increased costs and/or a lack of adequate motorized chassis supply to us, which in turn may result in higher wholesale product input costs and decreased margins, which would have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, as is standard in the industry, our arrangements with chassis and other suppliers are generally terminable at any time either by us or by the supplier. If we cannot obtain an adequate supply of chassis, raw materials or other key components, this would result in a decrease in our sales and earnings. Product recalls, customer satisfaction actions and our recall obligations for both our products and for component parts supplied by vendors could adversely affect our financial condition and harm our reputation. We provide warranties on the products we sell. These warranties vary depending on the type of product and geographic location of the sale; however, in general, our warranties promise, within certain specified time periods following a retail sale, that we will repair, replace or adjust parts on our products that are not performing within acceptable standards or tolerances. These warranties extend to some, but not all, of our vendor-supplied raw materials and component parts as well. Estimated warranty costs are accounted for at the time of product sale and adjusted on a quarterly basis to reflect our best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle existing and future claims on our products. An increase in actual warranty claim costs as compared to our estimates could result in increased warranty liabilities and expense, which could have an adverse effect on our earnings. 15 Government safety standards require manufacturers to remedy issues related to vehicle safety through safety recall campaigns, and we regularly engage in voluntary recalls when we determine our products may have a safety issue. Issues subject to recall include both materials and workmanship from our companies as well as component parts supplied by vendors, arising from their quality issues or otherwise. The costs of certain recall and customer satisfaction actions have been substantial in the past and future recalls or customer satisfaction actions to remedy issues in products previously sold could also be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, multiple recalls to address safety or significant operating concerns could erode consumer confidence in our brands and adversely affect our reputation or the public perception and market acceptance of our products, resulting in lower sales and could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Although we maintain appropriate reserves for such recall contingencies, from time to time we have been and likely will again be faced with specific campaigns that result in material expense. To mitigate this risk, we endeavor to compel our suppliers to maintain appropriate levels of insurance coverage and agree to commercially reasonable indemnification requirements. Our efforts may not be successful and the failure of suppliers to maintain sufficient insurance coverage or provide meaningful indemnification protection could result in increased expense and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our business and results of operations may be harmed if the frequency and size of product liability or other claims against us increase. We are subject, in the ordinary course of business, to litigation involving product liability, consumer protection and other claims against us. In North America, we generally self-insure a portion of our exposure to product liability and certain other claims and also purchase product liability coverage above our self-insured retention. In Europe, we generally fully insure similar risks with insurance offering relatively low deductibles and premiums. Not all risks we face are covered by insurance, nor can we be certain that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all future claims against us. Any material change in the aforementioned factors could adversely affect our operating results. Any increase in the frequency and/or size of claims, as compared to our experience in prior years, may cause the premiums that we are required to pay for insurance to increase significantly, may adversely affect future self-insured retention levels and may also increase the amounts we pay in punitive damages, not all of which are covered by our insurance policies. While we record, and adjust on a quarterly basis, reserves for known claims or possible claims to reflect our best estimate of the amount necessary to settle the claim, litigation is inherently unpredictable and final adjudications may be materially worse than our estimate. The loss of our largest independent dealer or an increase in independent dealer consolidations could have a material adverse effect on our business. Sales to FreedomRoads, LLC accounted for approximately 13.0% of our consolidated net sales for fiscal 2026. During recent years, FreedomRoads, LLC has acquired a number of formerly independent RV dealerships. The leverage to negotiate better terms with us arising from FreedomRoads, LLC’s acquisitions or the loss of independent dealers could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, deterioration in the liquidity or creditworthiness of FreedomRoads, LLC could adversely affect our sales and accounts receivable and could, in the event of a financing default, trigger repurchase obligations under our repurchase agreements, which would have a significant adverse effect on our liquidity and results of operations. Recently, a number of other U.S.-based independent dealers have acquired, and continue to acquire, formerly independent RV dealerships, resulting in further independent dealer concentration and improved negotiating leverage for these multi-location dealers. Continued consolidation in the U.S. independent dealer network could adversely affect our sales or gross margins and increase the concentration of our exposure under repurchase obligations related to these independent dealers. A material portion of our revenue is derived from international sales. Combined sales from the U.S. to foreign countries (predominantly Canada) and sales from our foreign subsidiaries to countries other than the U.S. (predominantly within the European Union) represented approximately 39.4% of THOR’s consolidated sales for fiscal 2026. Changes in U.S. trade policy, tariffs or other governmental actions may adversely affect customer demand, market conditions and perceptions of U.S.-based businesses in certain international markets. In addition, global political uncertainty poses risks of volatility in global markets, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. 16 Factors affecting our non-U.S. sales have adversely affected our financial operating results in the past and are likely to recur in the future, at varying levels. These implications include foreign currency effects, tariffs, customs duties, inflation, difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems, compliance with international laws, treaties and regulations, unexpected changes in regulatory or tax environments, disruptions in supply or distribution, dependence on foreign personnel and various employee work agreements, foreign governmental action, as well as economic and social instability. In addition, there may be tax inefficiencies in repatriating cash from non-U.S. subsidiaries or unfavorable tax law changes. Our U.S.-based subsidiaries have expenses and sales denominated in U.S. dollars. Sales by our U.S.-based subsidiaries into the Canadian market are subject to currency risk as devaluation of the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar may adversely affect U.S.-dollar denominated sales into Canada. Our European-based subsidiaries primarily have Euro-denominated expenses, sales and assets, which are subject to changes in the Euro and U.S. dollar currency exchange rate. To offset a portion of this currency risk, the EHG acquisition was partially funded through a Euro-denominated Term Loan B, which provides an economic hedge. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the future could have a material adverse effect on our reported revenues and results of operations. We are also subject to additional foreign regulatory frameworks, in some cases, more stringent or complex than similar United States frameworks. These emerging regulations are likely to require significant resources and could increase our cost of doing business, restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies, and result in fines, penalties, or reputational harm if we fail to comply with them. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of strategic initiatives, including realignments or other reorganizational actions, and such initiatives may cause the Company to incur significant charges, disrupt our operations or harm our reputation. We continually review and evaluate our business to identify strategic opportunities to make our operations more efficient and reduce costs. In doing so, we have taken, and may in the future undertake, strategic realignment actions including strategic reorganization measures, changes to our management, reporting or segment structure, reduced production rates to align with current and forecasted operating needs or brand rationalization actions within a market segment. Our plans for implementing such actions are generally in response to external RV industry market factors or internal cost saving and efficiency opportunities. These actions may also include employee separations, realignment of our operating footprint (e.g., plant closures) or other strategic actions. Such actions have caused, and may in the future cause, us to incur significant costs, record impairments or other charges, subject us to potential claims from employees or other counterparties, disrupt our operations, distract management from current operations, or harm our reputation. Further, we may not realize the expected benefits of such reorganizational actions (e.g., anticipated cost savings), such benefits may be delayed, or market dynamics or other factors may have evolved such that we cannot obtain the original intended results of an action. Business acquisitions pose integration and other risks. Our growth has been achieved both organically and through acquisition. Business acquisitions, including joint ventures and other equity investment arrangements, pose a number of risks, including integration risks, that may result in negative consequences to our business, financial condition or results of operations. The pace and significance of acquisitions and the nature and extent of integration of acquired companies, assets, operations, joint venture arrangements and other equity investment arrangements involve a number of related risks including: • The diversion of management’s attention from the management of existing operations to various transaction and integration activities; • The potential for disruption to existing operations and strategic plans; • The assimilation and retention of employees, including key employees; • Risks related to transacting business in geographies outside the U.S., including but not limited to: foreign currency exchange rate changes, expanded macroeconomic risks due to operations in and sales to a wide base of countries, political and regulatory exposures to a wide array of countries, varying employee/employer relationships, including the existence of works councils and labor organizations and other challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain jurisdictions; • Risks related to regulatory environments or product categories with which we have limited or no experience; • Risks related to acquisitions outside of our historical RV OEM operations, which may carry new and less understood operational challenges; 17 • The ability of our management teams to manage expanded operations, including international operations, to meet operational and financial expectations; • The integration of departments and systems, including accounting systems, technologies, books and records, controls and procedures; • The adverse effect on profitability if acquired operations, joint ventures or other equity investments do not achieve expected financial results or realize the synergies and other benefits expected; • The potential loss of, or adverse effects on, existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; • The assumption of liabilities of the acquired businesses, which could be greater than anticipated; • The potential failure of our due diligence efforts to identify and properly evaluate risks or liabilities acquired or assumed in acquisition transactions; • The potential adverse effect on available cash and/or future cash flows to support acquisitions, joint ventures or equity investments and related commitments; and • The potential adverse effect on operating results if, in future periods, impairments of significant amounts of goodwill and other assets occur. Cybersecurity incidents or technology disruptions could adversely affect our operations, financial condition and reputation. Our business relies on information systems and other technology (“information systems”), including enterprise resource planning systems, cloud-based applications, software-as-a-service (“SaaS”) applications, managed technology services and other systems that are owned, operated, managed or hosted by third parties, to support aspects of our global business operations including procurement, supply chain management, manufacturing, engineering, design, distribution, invoicing, financial reporting, treasury activities, human resources, customer relationship management and other transactions with suppliers, financial institutions and third-party service providers. We also use information systems to accumulate, analyze and report our operational results. In connection with our use of information systems, we obtain, create and maintain confidential and personal information. Additionally, we rely upon information systems in our marketing and communication efforts. Due to our reliance on our information systems, we have established various levels of security as well as backup and disaster recovery procedures. Despite devoting significant resources to our cybersecurity program and business continuity plans, we are at risk for interruptions, outages and compromises of our information technology systems caused by cyber-attacks, including state-sponsored attacks, computer viruses, malware, ransomware, phishing attacks or breaches due to errors or misconduct by employees and others who have access, or gain access, to these systems. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise the confidentiality, operational integrity and accessibility of these systems and the data that resides within them and our business processes and operations may be adversely affected in the event of a substantial or prolonged disruption of service caused by such events. We and others within the RV industry, including suppliers, dealers, cloud service providers, software vendors, managed service providers and other third-party technology providers, have been the target of cyber-attacks in the past, and such attacks are expected to continue and evolve in the future. While we continually employ capabilities, processes and other security measures designed to reduce and mitigate the risk of cybersecurity incidents and have requirements for our suppliers and service providers to do the same; we do not control the cybersecurity practices, operational resilience or business continuity of these third parties. A cybersecurity incident, operational failure, prolonged outage, software defect, service interruption or other disruption affecting one or more of our third-party technology providers could impair our ability to manufacture products, procure materials, process transactions, manage inventory, communicate with dealers and suppliers, access critical business information or prepare timely and accurate financial information. Moreover, a cybersecurity incident could harm our reputation, cause customers to lose trust in our security measures and/or subject us to regulatory actions or litigation, which may result in fines, penalties, judgments or injunctions. 18 The methods and technologies used to obtain unauthorized access to our information systems are constantly changing as are laws and regulations concerning data protection and privacy. Additionally, our increasing reliance on cloud environments and SaaS applications may increase our dependence on the availability, security and resilience of third-party technology providers. Any material failure by these providers to maintain appropriate security controls, system availability, disaster recovery capabilities or regulatory compliance could adversely affect our operations, financial reporting processes and business continuity. We employ capabilities, processes and other security measures we believe are reasonably designed to detect, reduce and mitigate the risk of cybersecurity incidents, however, we may not be aware of all vulnerabilities or might not accurately assess the risks of incidents, and such preventive measures cannot provide absolute security and may not be sufficient in all circumstances or mitigate all potential risks, including the loss or disclosure of sensitive information. The misuse, unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized access of information could result in a violation of privacy laws, including the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and laws applicable in North America and the United States, which could in turn have a significant, adverse effect on our results of operations, as a result of fines, remediation costs or other direct or indirect ramifications. Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified employees and key management personnel. We depend on our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified hourly and salaried employees to support our operations. Competition for skilled employees can be intense, particularly during periods of high industry demand, and may require higher compensation and benefits costs. Evolving employee expectations and the introduction of new technologies may also require us to invest in employee development and enhance our compensation and benefit offerings. In addition, healthcare, workers’ compensation and other employee benefit costs may increase due to higher utilization, regulatory requirements or other factors. Furthermore, within our European-based operations, we incur significant costs with respect to employee benefits which are largely governed by country and regional regulations. New or revised governmental mandates may also cause our operating results and financial condition to suffer. If we are unable to attract, develop and retain qualified employees at a reasonable cost, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected. We also rely on the knowledge, experience and skills of our executive management and key operating company personnel. Our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain these employees and maintain effective succession plans. The loss of key personnel, particularly if suitable successors are not available, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Collective labor arrangements, additional unionization or work stoppages could increase our costs or disrupt our operations. Most of our European-based operations are subject to collective labor agreements, works councils or unions, and a small number of our North American employees are represented by a labor union. These arrangements may increase labor costs or limit our ability to adjust staffing levels or working hours in response to market conditions. Additional unionization of our North American facilities could also increase costs or the risk of work stoppages. We also depend on suppliers and transportation providers with unionized workforces. Strikes, work stoppages or other labor disruptions involving our employees or these third parties have in the past, and could in the future, disrupt the manufacture, sale or distribution of our products and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our business depends on the performance of independent, non-franchise authorized dealers and third-party transportation carriers. We distribute all of our North American and the majority of our European products through a system of independent, non-franchise authorized dealers, many of whom sell products from competing manufacturers. As of July 31, 2026, we distributed our products to approximately 2,000 independent dealerships in the United States and approximately 1,100 independent dealerships in Europe. We depend on the capability of these independent dealers to develop and implement effective retail sales plans to create demand among retail consumers for the products that the dealers purchase from us. If our independent dealers are not successful in their sales efforts, then we may be unable to maintain or grow our revenues and meet our financial expectations. The geographic coverage of our independent dealers and their individual business conditions can affect the ability of our independent dealers to sell our products to consumers. If our independent dealers are unsuccessful, they may exit or be forced to exit the business or, in some cases, we may seek to terminate relationships with certain dealerships. As a result, we could face adverse consequences related to the termination of independent dealer relationships. In addition, ongoing consolidation of independent dealers, as well as the growth of large, multi-location dealers, has in the past and could in the future result in increased bargaining power on the part of these independent dealers. 19 Given the independent nature of the dealers who sell our products, they generally maintain control over which manufacturers, and which brands, they will do business with, often carrying more than one manufacturer’s products. Independent dealers can, and do, change the brands and manufacturers they sell. If our products are not perceived by independent dealers as being desirable and profitable for them to carry, the dealers may terminate or reduce their relationship with our operating subsidiaries or may drop certain of our brands, which would in turn adversely affect our sales and profit margins if we are unable to replace those dealers. Our products are generally delivered to our independent dealers through a system of third-party transportation contractors. The network of carriers is limited, and in times of high demand and limited availability, we have experienced in the past, and cou