ITEM 1. BUSINESS General Our Company was founded in 1980 and has grown to become the largest manufacturer of recreational vehicles (“RVs”) in the world. We are also the largest manufacturer of RVs in North America, and one of the largest manufacturers of RVs in Europe. The Company manufactures a wide variety of RVs in the United States (“U.S.”) and Europe, and sells those vehicles, as well as related parts and accessories, primarily to independent, non-franchise dealers throughout the United States, Canada and Europe. We are incorporated in Delaware and are the successor to a corporation of the same name which was incorporated in Nevada on July 29, 1980. Our principal executive office is located at 2900 Independence Ct., Elkhart, Indiana 46514 and our telephone number is (574) 970-7460. Our Internet address is www.thorindustries.com . We maintain copies of our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), available free of charge, on our web site. Unless the context otherwise requires or indicates, all references to “THOR”, the “Company”, “we”, “our” and “us” refer to THOR Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Our principal North American recreational vehicle operating subsidiaries are Airstream, Inc. (“ Airstream ”), Jayco, Inc. (“ Jayco ”), Keystone RV Company (“ Keystone ”), K.Z., Inc. (“ KZ ”), Thor Motor Coach, Inc. (“ Thor Motor Coach ”) and Tiffin Motorhomes, Inc. (“ Tiffin Motorhomes ”). Our European recreational vehicle operations include eight primary RV production locations producing numerous brands within Europe, including Buccaneer, Buerstner, Carado, Corigon, CrossCamp, Dethleffs, Elddis, Eriba, Etrusco, Hymer, Laika, LMC, Niesmann+Bischoff, Sunlight and Xplore. Our supply operations include Airxcel, Inc. (" Airxcel ") and Postle Operating, LLC (" Postle "). North American Recreational Vehicles For the fiscal years ended July 31, 2026, 2025 and 2024, THOR, through its operating subsidiaries, is the largest manufacturer of RVs in North America, by units sold and revenue, based on retail statistics published by Statistical Surveys, Inc. (“Stat Surveys”) and other reported data. Our North American operating subsidiaries are as follows: Airstream Airstream manufactures and sells premium quality travel trailers and motorhomes. Airstream travel trailers are distinguished by their rounded shape and bright aluminum finish and, in our opinion, constitute the most recognized product in the recreational vehicle industry. Airstream manufactures and sells travel trailers under the trade names Airstream Classic , Globetrotter , International , Tradewind, Flying Cloud , Caravel , Bambi, World Traveler and Basecamp . Airstream also sells the Interstate, Atlas and Rangeline series of Class B motorhomes. Jayco Jayco manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers, fifth wheels and motorhomes, and includes the operations of Jayco, Open Range, Heartland and Entegra Coach. Jayco manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under trade names such as Jay Flight , Jay Feather , Eagle and Pinnacle , and also manufactures Class A, Class C and Class B motorhomes under trade names such as Alante , Precept , Greyhawk and Redhawk . Open Range manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under trade names such as Colt , Range Lite and 3X . Heartland manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under trade names such as Prowler , North Trail and Big Horn . Entegra Coach manufactures and sells Class A, Class C and Class B motorhomes under trade names such as Odyssey , Esteem , Emblem and Insignia . 1 Keystone Keystone manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels and includes the operations of Keystone, Dutchmen and CrossRoads. Keystone manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under trade names such as Montana , Springdale , Hideout , Sprinter , Arcadia , Bullet , Fuzion , Raptor , Reign , Passport , Sprout , Cougar and Coleman , while the Dutchmen travel trailer and fifth wheel trade names include Kodiak , Aspen Trail, Astoria , Voltage and Colorado . CrossRoads manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under trade names such as Sunset Trail and Zinger and luxury fifth wheels under the trade name Redwood . KZ KZ manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels and includes the operations of KZ and Venture RV. KZ manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under trade names such as Classic, Sportsmen , Connect , Ridgeway, Durango, Durango Gold and Sportster X , while Venture RV manufactures and sells conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels under trade names such as Sienna, Sonic, Stratus and SportTrek. Thor Motor Coach Thor Motor Coach manufactures and sells gasoline and diesel Class A, Class C and Class B motorhomes. Its products are sold under trade names such as ACE , Resonate , Hurricane , Windsport , Outlaw , Indigo , Luminate , Vegas , Axis , Rize , Scope , Sequence , Tellaro , Palladium , Talavera , Sanctuary , Tranquility , Four Winds , Chateau , Quantum , Echelon , Delano , Tiburon , Compass , Gemini , Magnitude , Omni , Inception , Pasadena , Inception HD , Pasadena SV , Palazzo , Riviera and Aria . Tiffin Motorhomes Tiffin Motorhomes manufactures and sells premium diesel and gasoline Class A, Class C and Class B motorhomes under trade names such as Allegro, Allegro Bay, Allegro Breeze, Allegro Bus, Allegro Red , Byway, GH1, GH2, GT1, GT2, Midas, Open Trail, Phaeton, Wayfarer and Zephyr . European Recreational Vehicles THOR, through its Erwin Hymer Group (“EHG”) operating subsidiary, is a leading manufacturer of recreational vehicles in Europe, according to statistics published by the Caravaning Industry Association e.V. (“CIVD”) and the European Caravan Federation (“ECF”). Erwin Hymer Group EHG manufactures motorized and towable recreational vehicles, including motorcaravans, campervans, urban vehicles and caravans in eight primary RV production locations within Europe. EHG produces and sells numerous brands primarily within Europe, such as Buccaneer, Buerstner, Carado, Corigon, CrossCamp, Dethleffs, Elddis, Eriba, Etrusco, Hymer, Laika, LMC, Niesmann+Bischoff, Sunlight and Xplore. In addition, EHG’s operations include other RV-related products and services. Supply Airxcel Airxcel, Inc. (“Airxcel”), through its operating divisions and subsidiaries (including Aqua-Hot, Cleer Vision Windows, Coleman-Mach, Dicor Products, InVision, Maxxair, MCD Innovations, Suburban, Synergy Design, United Shade, Velarium and Vixen Composites) manufactures a comprehensive line of high-quality RV-related products which they sell primarily to RV original equipment manufacturers as well as consumers via aftermarket sales through dealers and retailers. Postle Postle Operating, LLC (“Postle”) manufactures and sells aluminum extrusions and specialized component products to RV and other manufacturers. 2 Product Line Sales and Segment Information The Company has three reportable segments: (1) North American Towable Recreational Vehicles, (2) North American Motorized Recreational Vehicles and (3) European Recreational Vehicles. The North American Towable Recreational Vehicles reportable segment consists of the following operating segments that have been aggregated: Airstream (towable), Jayco (towable), Keystone and KZ. The North American Motorized Recreational Vehicles reportable segment consists of the following operating segments that have been aggregated: Airstream (motorized), Jayco (motorized), Thor Motor Coach and Tiffin Motorhomes. The European Recreational Vehicles reportable segment consists solely of the EHG business. EHG manufactures a full line of motorized and towable recreational vehicles, including motorcaravans, campervans, urban vehicles and caravans in eight RV production locations within Europe. The operations of the Company’s Airxcel and Postle subsidiaries are included in “Other” in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Net sales included in Other primarily relate to the sale of aluminum extrusions and specialized RV component products. Intercompany eliminations adjust for Airxcel and Postle sales to the Company’s North American Towable and North American Motorized segments, which are consummated at established transfer prices generally consistent with the selling prices of such components to third-party customers. Total assets include those assets used in the operation of each reportable and non-reportable segment, and the Corporate assets consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, deferred income taxes, deferred compensation plan assets, equity and other investments and certain Corporate real estate holdings primarily utilized by certain U.S.-based operating subsidiaries. The table below sets forth the contribution of each of the Company’s reportable segments to net sales in each of the last three fiscal years: 2026 2025 2024 Amount % Amount % Amount % Recreational vehicles: North American Towable $ 3,176,687 33.1 $ 3,784,666 39.5 $ 3,679,671 36.6 North American Motorized 2,455,160 25.6 2,175,604 22.7 2,445,850 24.4 European 3,296,729 34.3 3,023,961 31.6 3,364,980 33.5 Total recreational vehicles 8,928,576 93.0 8,984,231 93.8 9,490,501 94.5 Other 976,976 10.2 859,609 9.0 781,927 7.8 Intercompany eliminations (297,407) (3.2) (264,350) (2.8) (229,020) (2.3) Total $ 9,608,145 100.0 $ 9,579,490 100.0 $ 10,043,408 100.0 For additional information regarding our segments, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Recreational Vehicles Overview We manufacture a wide variety of recreational vehicles in the United States and Europe and sell those vehicles, as well as related parts and accessories, primarily to independent, non-franchise dealers throughout the United States, Canada and Europe. North American recreational vehicle classifications are based upon standards established by the RV Industry Association (“RVIA”). The principal types of recreational vehicles that we produce in North America include conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels as well as Class A, Class C and Class B motorhomes. In Europe, we produce numerous types of motorized and towable recreational vehicles, including motorcaravans, campervans, urban vehicles, caravans and other RV-related products and services. 3 North American Recreational Vehicles Travel trailers are non-motorized vehicles which are designed to be towed by passenger automobiles, pickup trucks, SUVs or vans. Travel trailers provide comfortable, self-contained living facilities for camping, vacationing and multiple other purposes. Within North America we produce “conventional” and “fifth wheel” trailers. Conventional trailers are towed by means of a frame hitch attached to the towing vehicle. Fifth wheel trailers, designed to be towed by pickup trucks, are constructed with a raised forward section that is attached to a receiver in the bed area of the pickup truck. A motorhome is a self-powered vehicle built on a motor vehicle chassis. Motorhomes are self-contained with their own lighting, heating, cooking, refrigeration, sewage holding and water storage facilities, so that they can be utilized without being attached to utilities. Within North America, Class A motorhomes, generally constructed on medium-duty truck chassis, are supplied complete with engine and drivetrain components by motor vehicle manufacturers such as Ford, Freightliner and The Shyft Group. We design, manufacture and install the living area and driver’s compartment of Class A motorhomes. Class C and Class B motorhomes are generally built on a Ford, General Motors or Mercedes-Benz small truck or van chassis, which includes an engine, drivetrain components and a finished cab section. We construct a living area which has access to the driver’s compartment and attaches to the cab section. Although they are not designed for permanent or semi-permanent living, motorhomes can provide comfortable living facilities for camping, vacationing and multiple other purposes. European Recreational Vehicles In Europe, a caravan is a travel trailer which is a non-motorized vehicle designed to be towed by passenger automobiles, SUVs or vans. Caravans provide comfortable, self-contained living facilities for camping, vacationing and multiple other purposes. In Europe, the focus is on lighter and smaller caravans that can even be towed by small passenger cars. Motorcaravans are similar to the Class A and Class C motorized products in the North American market. Motorcaravans include various types such as integrated, semi-integrated and alcove, and are generally constructed on light-duty truck chassis, supplied complete with engine and drivetrain components by chassis manufacturers such as Stellantis, Mercedes-Benz, Volkswagen and Ford. The main difference between European motorcaravans as compared to RVs in the North American market is that the focus in Europe is on lighter and smaller vehicles due to weight restrictions and driving license requirements. An integrated motorcaravan contains driving and passenger space that is completely integrated into the vehicle, along with the living area, which creates a great feeling of openness. The driver/passenger and living areas are made of one compartment and form a single unit. A semi-integrated motorcaravan is one in which the cab (driver/passenger compartment) belongs to the chassis. This means that the existing driver/passenger area is complemented by an attached living area. As a result, the advantages of the basic vehicle are enhanced by mobile living. An alcove motorcaravan is one where there is an additional sleeping space located above the driver’s cab. This superstructure is called an “alcove,” and it comprises sleeping accommodations for two people. Behind the driver’s cab is an additional bedroom and a living space with basic equipment. A campervan is comparable to the Class B motorhome in the North American market. They are generally built on a Stellantis, Mercedes-Benz, Volkswagen or Ford panel van chassis which includes an engine, drivetrain components and a finished cab section. A constructed living area provides access to the driver’s compartment and attaches to the cab section. As they are smaller and more compact than typical motorcaravans, a campervan has the advantage of being easier to maneuver and easier to park. An urban vehicle is a multi-functional vehicle, similar to a minivan, which is generally built on a Stellantis or Ford chassis and is mainly used as a family vehicle but has a small removable kitchen and sitting area that can be converted into a sleeping area. Additionally, these vehicles are equipped with a pop-up roof to provide additional sleeping quarters. 4 Production In order to minimize finished inventory, our recreational vehicles in both North America and Europe are generally produced to dealer order. Our facilities are designed to provide efficient, assembly-line manufacturing of products. In North America, capacity increases can generally be achieved relatively quickly and at relatively low cost, largely by acquiring, leasing or building additional facilities and equipment and increasing the number of production employees. In Europe, that process is typically longer and involves higher costs. In North America, capacity decreases can generally be achieved relatively quickly and at relatively low cost, mainly by decreasing the number of production employees. In Europe, short-term capacity decreases can generally be achieved by adjusting work schedules and reducing the number of short-term contract and temporary workers. Long-term capacity reductions in Europe generally involve agreed-upon terms with the applicable works council. We purchase many of the components used in the production of our recreational vehicles in their finished form. The principal raw materials used in the manufacturing processes for motorhomes, including motorcaravans, campervans and urban vehicles, and travel trailers, including caravans, are chassis, aluminum, lumber, plywood, plastic, fiberglass and steel purchased from numerous suppliers. Our relationship with our chassis suppliers is similar to our other RV vendor relationships in that no long-term contractual commitments are entered into by either party. Historically, chassis manufacturers resort to an industry-wide allocation system during periods when chassis supply is restricted. These allocations are generally based on the volume of chassis previously purchased. While we are not dependent on any one supplier, we do depend on a consistent supply of chassis from a limited number of chassis suppliers. Sales of our motorized RV products, including motorhomes, motorcaravans, campervans and urban vehicles, rely on these chassis. It is extremely difficult to predict when or whether future supply chain issues related to chassis or other components used in the production of RVs will arise. Modifying available chassis for certain motorized products to use for other products is not a viable alternative, particularly in the short term, due to engineering requirements. The North American recreational vehicle industry has, from time to time in the past, experienced shortages of chassis for various reasons, including component shortages, production delays or other production issues and work stoppages at the chassis manufacturers. In Europe, while the overall chassis supply has improved, disruption in the sequence of chassis supply has in the past, and could in the future, inhibit our ability to efficiently and consistently maintain our planned production levels. While the North American RV industry has at times faced supply shortages or delivery delays of other, non-chassis raw material components, the supply chain is currently able to support our demand. If supply shortages or delivery delays were to adversely impact our suppliers’ ability to fully meet our needs for key components, our costs of such components and our production output could be adversely affected. In Europe, we continued to experience cost increases and intermittent supply shortages and delivery delays of other, non-chassis raw material components for some brands which negatively impacted the efficiency of our production in the current fiscal year. We believe these shortages and delays will improve, but could continue to result in production inefficiencies in the near term, which would have a negative impact on our operating results due to lost efficiencies as a result of not completing units within the normal production sequence. Where possible, we continue to work closely with our suppliers on various supply chain strategies to minimize any constraints and will work to identify alternative suppliers. Furthermore, to minimize the future impact of supply chain constraints, we have identified a second-source supplier base for certain component parts, however, the engineering requirements required with an alternate component part, particularly the chassis our various units are built upon, limit the impact of these alternative suppliers on reducing any near-term supply constraints. Generally, our North American and European RV operating subsidiaries introduce new or improved lines or models of recreational vehicles each year. Changes typically include new sizes and floor plans, different decor or design features and engineering and technological improvements. 5 Seasonality Since recreational vehicles are used primarily by vacationers and campers, our recreational vehicle sales tend to be seasonal and, in most geographical areas, tend to be lower during the winter months than in other periods. As a result of being primarily used for vacations, our recreational vehicle sales are historically lowest during our second fiscal quarter, which ends on January 31 of each year. In times of high consumer demand or other macro or social disruptions, seasonality may differ from the normal patterns noted above. Marketing and Distribution We sell our recreational vehicles primarily to independent, non-franchise dealers located throughout the United States, Canada and Europe. Each of our recreational vehicle operating subsidiaries sells to its own network of independent dealers, with many dealers carrying more than one of our product lines as well as products from other manufacturers. As of July 31, 2026, there were approximately 2,000 independent, non-franchise dealership locations carrying our products in the U.S. and Canada and approximately 1,100 dealership locations, of which two are Company-owned, carrying our products throughout Europe. We believe that the working relationships between the management and sales personnel of our operating entities and the independent dealers provide us with valuable information on customer preferences and the quality and marketability of our products. Our European brands distribute their vehicles in Europe through dealer networks that offer various EHG brands covering all price segments in each region, generally avoiding brand overlap even in regions with two or more dealers that offer EHG brands. The European dealer base is comprised primarily of independent dealers, although EHG does operate two Company-owned dealerships. Approximately 44% of our independent European dealers sell EHG brands exclusively. Each of our recreational vehicle operating subsidiaries has its own wholesale sales force that works directly with its independent dealers. Typically, there are wholesale shows held during the year in certain locations within the United States and Europe. These shows allow dealers to view new and existing products as well as place orders. Historically, the most important retail sales events occur at various consumer recreational vehicle shows or trade fairs which take place throughout the year at different locations across the United States, Canada and Europe. We believe that we, and our dealers, are well-positioned to reach new and existing RV consumers through a strategic combination of retail shows and digital marketing activities. We also benefit in the United States from the recreational vehicle awareness advertising and marketing programs sponsored by the RVIA in national print media and television. In our selection of individual, independent dealers, we emphasize the dealer’s ability to maintain a sufficient inventory of our products, as well as their financial stability, creditworthiness, reputation, experience and ability to provide service to the end customer. Many dealers, particularly in North America, carry the recreational vehicle lines of one or more of our competitors. Generally, our recreational vehicle operating subsidiaries each have separate dealer agreements. One dealer, FreedomRoads, LLC, accounted for approximately 13.0% of our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2026 and for approximately 14.0% and 14.0% in fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, respectively. This dealer also accounted for approximately 13.0% of the Company’s consolidated trade accounts receivable at July 31, 2026 and approximately 14.0% at July 31, 2025. We generally do not finance dealer purchases. Most dealers are financed on a “floor plan” basis by an unrelated bank or financing company, which lends the dealer all, or substantially all, of the wholesale purchase price and retains a security interest in the vehicles purchased. As is customary in the recreational vehicle industry, we will generally execute a repurchase agreement with a lending institution financing a dealer’s purchase of our products upon the lending institution’s request. Repurchase agreements provide that, typically for a period of up to 18 months after a unit is financed and in the event of default by the dealer and notification from the lending institution of the dealer default, we will repurchase all of the applicable or qualifying dealer units repossessed by the lending institution for the amount then due, which is often less than 100% of the dealer’s cost. The risk of loss under repurchase agreements is spread over numerous dealers and is further reduced by the resale value of the units which we would be required to repurchase. Estimating the timing and volume of any potential future repurchase demands, and the related losses to the Company, is difficult and subject to uncertainty. The Company’s total commercial commitments under standby repurchase obligations on dealer inventory financing as of July 31, 2026 and July 31, 2025 were $3,315,731 and $3,484,235, respectively. Losses incurred related to repurchase agreements that were settled in fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025 were not material and totaled $7,107 in fiscal 2024. 6 Backlog The backlogs for our North American Towable, North American Motorized and European Recreational Vehicle segments as of July 31, 2026 and July 31, 2025, respectively, were as follows: July 31, 2026 July 31, 2025 Change Amount % Change Recreational vehicles North American Towable $ 916,584 $ 525,014 $ 391,570 74.6 North American Motorized 728,206 1,004,620 (276,414) (27.5) Total North America 1,644,790 1,529,634 115,156 7.5 European 1,653,970 1,525,592 128,378 8.4 Total $ 3,298,760 $ 3,055,226 $ 243,534 8.0 The increase in total North American Recreational Vehicle backlog is primarily due to an increase in North American Towable backlog due to an increase in year-over-year orders for North American Towable products. We believe North American dealer inventory levels for most products are generally in line with the levels that dealers are comfortable stocking given the current retail sales levels and associated carrying costs. We believe dealers will continue to closely evaluate the unit stocking levels that they will elect to carry in future periods, which may be less than historical unit stocking levels, due to a combination of factors such as current retail activity, current RV wholesale prices as well as current