Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a risk of loss. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, which could result in a decline in the trading price of our securities, and you could lose part or all of your investment. The risks described below are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that are presently unknown to us could also affect our financial results, business operations, financial condition, results of operations or the price of our Class A common stock. Some statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. See the section titled “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Summary Risk Factors Below is a summary of what we believe to be the principal risks facing our business. You should carefully review and consider this summary along with the full description of the risks set forth in this Item 1A, “Risk Factors” of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other information included in this Form 10-K. Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry • Prices for electrical distribution equipment have increased significantly. If there is less demand for, or greater supply of, electrical distribution equipment in the future, the price of electrical distribution equipment could decline which would adversely impact both our revenue growth and profit margins. • We use significant amounts of electrical steel, carbon steel, aluminum and copper, to produce our products. We purchase raw materials and components used in our products from international vendors who are subject to duties, tariffs and other government trade regulations, and may face supply chain disruptions. If the prices of these materials increase in the future and we are unable to pass those increases on to our customers, our profit margins could be significantly impacted. • Our growth depends in part on continued investment in new data centers, which depends in part on continued interest in developing AI. Construction activity has declined significantly during past recessions, and any sustained reduction could reduce demand for our products. • We are in the process of expanding our manufacturing capacity. If we are unable to complete our expansion in the timeframe we anticipate, the expansion does not give us the additional capacity we expect, or there is any delay or interruption in the operations of any of our manufacturing campuses, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated level of growth which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • We operate in competitive environments. Our failure to compete successfully could cause us to lose market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Any failure of our products could subject us to substantial liability, which could damage our reputation or the reputation of one or more of our brands. • The long sales cycles for certain electrical distribution equipment, as well as unpredictable placing or canceling of customer orders may cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter, which could make our future results of operations less predictable. • Our inability to adequately control the costs associated with our manufacturing campuses expansion could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 9 Table of Contents • If our ongoing efforts to reduce our costs are not successful, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The cost of producing our transformer products could also increase if the U.S. Department of Energy (the “DOE”) changes the efficiency standards for transformers. • If we fail to motivate, retain or attract key personnel, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated level of growth and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Changes in technology or customer preferences could result in less demand for certain equipment which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Our strategy to increase our sales of Powertrain Solutions could result in a concentration of our sales with fewer customers and a significant reduction in orders from any one of these customers could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Our operations and quality control could be disrupted if we encounter problems with our vendors and our reputation could be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Disruption of or changes in the performance, operating models or financial condition of our independent sales representatives and distributors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Unexpected events may increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Our business strategy may include acquisitions, strategic investments and divestitures to support our growth, and our failure to successfully implement this strategy or failure to realize the expected benefits from any such efforts we have taken or may take in the future, including the integration of the Business Acquisitions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Disruptions caused by labor disputes or organized labor activities could harm our business. Risks Related to Litigation and Regulation • Failure by us to comply with EHS regulations, or by our vendors to use ethical business practices and comply with applicable laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • We are subject to antitrust and competition laws that can result in sanctions and conditions on our business. • We manufacture some of our products in Mexico and are exposed to risks associated with doing business in Mexico, including compliance with laws and regulations and enforcement of consistent company-wide standards and procedures. A disruption in our Mexican manufacturing operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Failure to meet at times competing environmental and sustainability-related standards could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Changes to federal tax credits for renewable energy projects could impact demand for our Grid products. • The impact of import or export laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Failure to obtain or comply with government approvals, licenses and permits may negatively affect our ability to produce, market and sell our products. • We may be subject to periodic litigation, regulatory proceedings and enforcement actions. Misconduct by our employees, contractors, or a failure to comply with applicable laws, could harm our business. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property • If we fail to protect our intellectual property , it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Information Technology (IT) and Privacy • Failure to effectively utilize IT systems or implement new technologies could disrupt our business or reduce our sales or profitability. • Increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats pose a risk to our systems and our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Future changes in regulation related to IT, data privacy, manufacturing or the development of new power plants and T&D networks could disrupt our customers’ markets resulting in declines in sales volume and prices of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Financial, Tax, and General Risks • Volatility in currency exchange rates, future material impairments in the value of long-lived assets, including goodwill, and changes in tax laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Our indebtedness requires us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow, may restrict our operations, and may limit our ability to raise additional capital on favorable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 10 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure • We are a holding company and our principal asset is an indirect interest in Opco, and accordingly, we are dependent upon Opco and its consolidated subsidiaries for our results of operations, cash flows and distributions. • We will be required to make payments and tax distributions under the Tax Receivable Agreement (TRA) and the amounts of such payments could be significant. • Our organizational structure confers certain benefits upon the TRA Participants that will not benefit certain holders of our Class A common stock to the same extent, and the interests of the Continuing Equity Owners may conflict with those of other holders of our Class A common stock. • Payments under the TRA may be accelerated or significantly exceed any actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the TRA. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock • We recently ceased to be a “controlled company” and we are no longer able to rely on exemptions from governance requirements. • Neos has significant influence over us, and the governance and consent rights of the Continuing Equity Owners will have the effect of concentrating voting control for the foreseeable future. Neos’s interests may conflict with our interests and the interests of other stockholders. • Our results of operations may fluctuate, which could make our future performance difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations for a particular period to fall below expectations, resulting in a decline in the price of shares of Class A common stock. • Delaware law and anti-takeover provisions in our governing documents may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management and may deprive our investors of the opportunity to receive a premium for their shares. • We do not intend to pay any cash distributions or dividends on shares of Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. • If we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of integrated internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members and officers, which may divert from our business operations. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, please see below. Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry Prices for electrical distribution equipment have increased significantly over the past several years. If there is less demand for, or greater supply of, electrical distribution equipment in the future, the price of electrical distribution equipment could decline which would adversely impact both our revenue growth and profit margins. The price of electrical distribution equipment is influenced by customer demand, available supply which is primarily a function of manufacturing capacity, regulation governing the use of products manufactured outside of the United States in the electrical grid and the price of certain raw material inputs such as electrical steel, carbon steel, aluminum, copper, and specialized insulation materials as well as key components such as circuit breakers, among other factors. Over the past several years, the price of electrical distribution equipment in the United States has increased significantly as demand has grown faster than supply. We and some of our competitors have recently announced plans to add capacity to meet growing demand from these and other industries. If our industry adds capacity faster than demand grows, prices for electrical distribution equipment and integrated solutions could decline. Additionally, a significant amount of our sales is due to new construction projects. If financing is not available for customers to complete these new construction projects there may be less demand for our products and, as a result, prices for electrical distribution equipment could decline. If prices for electrical distribution equipment decline, both our revenue growth and profit margins could be significantly impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 11 Table of Contents We use significant amounts of electrical steel, as well as carbon steel, aluminum and copper in various forms, including busbar, wire, and foil, to produce our products. These materials are commodities whose prices have fluctuated significantly over time. If the prices of electrical steel, carbon steel, aluminum or copper increase in the future and we are unable to pass those increases on to our customers, our profit margins could be significantly impacted. Electrical steel, as well as carbon steel, aluminum and copper are key raw materials we use to produce our products. Electrical steel, carbon steel, aluminum and copper have historically experienced significant price volatility. For example, copper prices rose significantly in fiscal 2026 and continued to rise in the first quarter of fiscal 2027. While some of our customer contracts include price escalation mechanisms that adjust the final price of our products based on commodity price movements between order and shipment, a significant portion do not. If prices for electrical steel, carbon steel, aluminum or copper increase in the future and we are unable to pass those increases on to our customers, our profit margins could be significantly impacted. Additionally, we source these raw materials from both international and domestic vendors, and our supply chain is therefore exposed to a broad range of market, logistical and regulatory risks. International purchases, in particular, are subject to evolving trade policy and geopolitical dynamics. Changes in government policy, including the imposition of tariffs, duties, import and export restrictions or country-specific procurement limitations, could significantly impact our access to materials or increase the price we pay for them, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See “—We purchase raw materials and components used in our products from international vendors who are subject to duties, tariffs and other government trade regulations. Our cost of and access to raw materials and components from international vendors could be impacted by changes in government policies, including the imposition of additional duties, tariffs and other charges on imports and exports or restrictions on purchase of components from certain foreign countries.” We purchase raw materials and components used in our products from international vendors who are subject to duties, tariffs and other government trade regulations. Our cost of and access to raw materials and components from international vendors could be adversely impacted by changes in government policies, including the imposition of additional duties, tariffs and other charges on imports and exports or restrictions on purchases of components from certain foreign countries. We purchase some raw materials used in our products, including electrical steel, carbon steel, aluminum, copper and specialized insulation materials, as well as key components such as circuit breakers outside of the United States through arrangements with various vendors. Evolving trade policy in various countries, including the People’s Republic of China, India and the United States, has created uncertainty with respect to tariff impacts on the costs of some of the raw materials and components we purchase. We cannot predict what changes in trade policy will be made by the current or a future presidential administration or Congress, including whether existing tariff policies will be maintained or modified or whether the entry into new bilateral or multilateral trade agreements will occur, nor can we predict the effects that any conceivable changes would have on our business. We may be unable to quickly and effectively react to such changes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, political, social or economic instability in the regions where we purchase raw materials and components, or in other regions where our products are made, could cause disruptions in trade, including exports to the United States. See “—We manufacture some of our products in Mexico and are exposed to risks associated with doing business in Mexico, including compliance with laws and enforcement of consistent company-wide standards and procedures. A disruption in our Mexican manufacturing operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.” Other events that could also cause disruptions to our supply chain include the imposition of additional trade law provisions or regulations; quotas imposed by bilateral trade agreements; new or additional duties such as anti-dumping and countervailing duties imposed by the U.S. or other foreign governments; foreign currency fluctuations; natural disasters; public health issues and epidemic diseases, their effects (including any disruptions they may cause) or the perception of their effects; theft; restrictions on the transfer of funds; the financial instability or bankruptcy of vendors; and significant labor disputes, such as dock strikes. Trade restrictions, including new or increased tariffs or quotas, border taxes, embargoes, safeguards and customs restrictions against certain components and materials, as well as labor strikes and work stoppages or boycotts, could also increase the cost or reduce or delay the supply of raw materials and components available to us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 12 Table of Contents Significant disruptions to our supply chain, including the high cost or unavailability of raw materials and components required to manufacture our products, and significant disruptions to our distribution networks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our reliance on third-party suppliers, service providers, externalized production vendors and commodity markets to secure a variety of raw materials, including electrical steel, carbon steel, aluminum, copper, and specialized insulation materials, and key components, such as circuit breakers, used in our products, exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these raw materials and components. Our supply chains extend into many different countries and regions of the world, including many developing economies, particularly for electrical steel and carbon steel. We operate in a supply-constrained environment and are facing, and may continue to face, supply-chain shortages, tariffs, inflationary pressures, shortages of skilled labor, transportation and logistics challenges and manufacturing disruptions that impact our ability to fulfill, and timeliness in fulfilling, customer orders. To manage the impact of supply chain shortages, high costs and inflationary pressures, we have sought, and may continue to seek, to develop relationships with alternative suppliers, drive productivity initiatives in our manufacturing operations, provide additional training to our employees, develop alternate transportation routes, modes and providers and increase our prices to account for increases in our input costs. While these measures have successfully limited the historical impact of supply constraints on our business, we expect supply chain pressures could continue to impact our business, financial condition and results of operations in the future. We typically do not enter into long-term contracts with our suppliers or sourcing partners. Instead, most raw materials and sourced goods are obtained on a “purchase order” basis. Any long-term supply and sourcing contracts may obligate us to purchase materials, components or services at prices higher than those available in the current market. We generally source our key materials and components from a large number of domestic and international suppliers. However, we rely on a single supplier for certain specialized insulation material used in our transformer products. We have in the past experienced, and in the future may experience, disruptions related to availability of components and materials sourced from single suppliers, but the impact to our business, financial condition and results of operations from such disruptions have not been material. However, if one of these suppliers were unable to provide us with a raw material or component we need, our ability to manufacture some of our products could be adversely affected if and to the extent we are unable to find a sufficient alternative supply channel in a reasonable period of time or on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Disruptions in deliveries, capacity constraints, production disruptions up-or down-stream, price increases, cyberattacks or decreased availability of raw materials or components, including as a result of war, natural disasters, actual or threatened public health emergencies or other business continuity events, could adversely affect our operations and, depending on the length and severity of the disruption, could limit our ability to manufacture products on a timely basis. Additionally, nonperformance or underperformance by third-party suppliers could materially impact our ability to perform obligations to our customers, which could result in a customer terminating their contract with us, exposing us to liability and substantially impairing our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also depend on multiple routes and modes of transport to acquire components and materials used in our operations. We are vulnerable to disruptions in transport and logistics activities due to weather-related problems, strikes, lockouts, inadequacy of roadways, transportation infrastructure and port facilities or other events. We are also subject to fluctuations in the costs of transportation. We may be unable to store components and materials sufficient for more than a limited period of production, which increases our dependence on efficient logistics. In addition, during transport and shipping, our products and/or their components and materials may become damaged. Such factors could also result in liability and significant reputational harm. These factors could adversely impact our ability to deliver quality products to our customers and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 13 Table of Contents Our growth depends in part on continued investment in new data centers, which depends in part on continued interest in developing AI. We generated approximately 59% of our fiscal 2026 revenues from products used in Data Centers, and we expect to continue to generate a substantial portion of our revenues from products used in Data Centers. Most of the data center products we sell are purchased by customers that are building new data centers so we are dependent on increasing levels of data center construction to continue to grow our sales of data center products. Investment in data centers has increased significantly over the past several years in part as a result of growing demand for the computational resources required to train and run AI models. The rate of investment in new data centers could slow as a result of a number of factors, including reduced interest in AI, government regulation that limits the use of AI, AI’s failure to deliver expected results, opposition to data center development or other reasons, and we may not be able to achieve our anticipated level of growth, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, the electrical distribution needs of data centers are evolving rapidly and if we are not able to adapt our products to the needs of the market, our sales of data center products may decline which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Demand for our products depends, in large part, on new construction activity which has declined significantly during past recessions. The majority of our products are purchased by customers that are constructing new facilities or infrastructure. The level of new construction activity in the United States has historically been highly sensitive to macroeconomic conditions, including GDP growth, interest rates, capital availability, energy prices and government spending. If the level of new construction activity in the Data Center, Grid or Industrial markets where we focus declines, demand for our products is likely to be adversely impacted. The Industrial end market, in particular, has historically been and will continue to be vulnerable to macroeconomic downturns. Additionally, reductions in demand often lead to greater price competition as well as decreased revenues and profits, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any delay or interruption in the operations of any of our manufacturing campuses could impair our ability to provide products to customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We currently operate ten manufacturing campuses across five strategic locations: Minnesota, Texas, Maryland, California and Mexico. A work stoppage, labor shortage, major equipment failure or other production limitation at any of our manufacturing campuses could significantly impair our ability to deliver products to customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, manufacturing disruptions due to public health or safety events, severe weather, financial distress, unscheduled downtime, production constraints, mechanical failures, cybersecurity attacks or geopolitical instability could further disrupt operations. These risks may be heightened in Mexico, where economic, political and social instability can be more pronounced than in the United States. If we are not able to operate at full capacity in, or lose access to, any of our campuses for any reason, we may be forced to purchase components for our products from third party suppliers which could lead to delays, quality control issues or additional costs. Additionally, significant capital investment to increase manufacturing capacity may be required to expand our business or meet increased demand for our products in the future. Further, we may experience a shortage of qualified hourly labor availability in certain regions in which we operate, contributing to production volatility and inefficiencies in the manufacturing process, as well as increased labor costs. If we cannot secure sufficient hourly labor resources, we may be unable to protect continuity of supply and meet customer demand. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 14 Table of Contents We are in the process of expanding our manufacturing capacity. If we are unable to complete our expansion in the timeframe we anticipate or the expansion does not give us the additional capacity we expect, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated level of growth which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are in the process of replacing our Commerce, California campus with a new campus in Vernon, California; expanding our Waco, Texas, Hanover, Maryland and Tijuana, Mexico campuses; and have constructed a new campus in Dayton, Minnesota. While construction at these locations is substantially complete, we are still in the process of ramping up our production at these campuses. Continuing to increase our revenues and profits depends on our ability to commission the necessary production equipment, train the required employees and ramp up our production to target levels. If we are unable to ramp up our production in the timeframe we anticipate, we may miss the opportunity to sell additional products, which could prevent us from achieving our anticipated level of revenue growth, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Amounts included in our backlog may not result in revenue or generate profits in the amounts we expect or in the timeframe we anticipate. As of June 30, 2026, we had backlog of approximately $3.0 billion. Although our backlog amount is based on purchase orders or other contractual commitments, we cannot guarantee that our backlog will result in revenue in the originally anticipated period or amounts or at all. In addition, the orders included in our backlog may not generate margins equal to our historical operating results. We have limited historical experience in determining on a combined business basis the level of realization we actually achieve on our backlog. The timing of our recognition of our backlog is subject to a variety of factors. Our customers may experience project delays or cancel orders as a result of external market factors and economic or other factors beyond our or their control. Such delays may lead to fluctuations in our results of operations from quarter to quarter, making it difficult to predict our financial performance on a quarterly basis. Moreover, while we have historically experienced few order cancellations and the amount of order cancellations has not been material compared to our total contract volume, if we were to experience a significant amount of order cancellations or reductions in customer purchase orders, it would reduce our backlog and, consequently, our future sales. If our backlog fails to result in revenue in the amount we expect or on the timeframe we anticipate, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated level of growth which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We operate in competitive environments. Our failure to compete successfully could cause us to lose market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our products are subject to competitive pressures, and we face competition from both international and domestic competitors. We compete against large and well-established national and global companies who may have greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do, as well as regional and local companies who may be able to apply targeted financial, technical and marketing resources to a particular segment of the market in ways that we cannot. We compete based on product performance and features, reliability and duration of product warranty, lead time, ability to customize and price. We help our products maintain commercial attractiveness at acceptable pricing levels by focusing on product enhancements, using high quality but cost-effective supply chain and managing production and delivery methods. A change in the strategic priorities of our business or a failure to anticipate or respond quickly to a number of factors including technological developments or emerging technologies, evolving industry standards, new regulations or incentives, changing customer demands, supply chain issues or innovations in production techniques in the industries we serve could cause us to experience lower revenues, price erosion, lower margins and could result in forgone growth opportunities. 15 Table of Contents Technological shifts and emerging technologies could also pose a risk and could cause the eventual obsolescence of the products and solutions we currently produce if we are unable to manage and adapt to the changes in the technological environment. Shifts in consumer preferences, which may or may not be long-term, have altered the quantity, type and prices of products demanded by the end-consumer and our customers. In particular, to successfully compete, we must continue to align our current products and new product development and sales efforts to the needs of customers in the high-growth end markets we focus on. We must continue to meet evolving customer demands, such as developing advanced powertrain designs for data centers. Additionally, if our competitors add significant capacity, or demand falls, the price of the electrical distribution equipment we produce may not increase in the future and we may experience decreases in the price of our products. Because we sell components to integrators and other OEMs who incorporate them into products that compete with our Powertrain Solutions, it is possible for us to be in competition with some of our customers in certain product areas. If these customers chose to stop purchasing components from us and instead purchase components from our competitors, it could decrease the demand for our products. If we are unable to respond successfully to these competitive pressures, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any failure of our products could subject us to substantial liability, including product liability claims, which could damage our reputation or the reputation of one or more of our brands. The products we sell are complex, highly customized and critical to the operation of customers’ facilities and infrastructure. A failure of our products as a result of a manufacturing defect could interrupt our customers’ operations, damage other equipment owned by them or injure their employees. Our regular testing and quality control efforts may not be effective in controlling or detecting all quality issues or errors, particularly with respect to faulty components manufactured by third parties. Defects could expose us to product warranty claims, including substantial expense for the recall and repair or replacement of a product or component, and product liability claims, including liability for personal injury or property damage. A significant product recall or serious defect or product or execution failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are not generally able to limit or exclude liability for personal injury or property damage to third parties under the laws of most jurisdictions in which we do business, and in the event of such incident, we could spend significant time, resources and money to resolve any such claim. We may also be required to pay for losses or injuries purportedly caused by the design, manufacture, installation or operation of our products. An inability to correct a product defect could result in the failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product category or market, delays in customer payments or refusals by our customers to make such payments, increased inventory costs, product reengineering expenses and our customers’ inability to operate. Such defects could also negatively impact customer satisfaction and sentiment, generate adverse publicity, reduce future sales opportunities and damage our reputation or the reputation of one or more of our brands. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The long sales cycles for certain of our electrical distribution equipment, as well as unpredictable placing or canceling of customer orders, particularly large orders, may cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter, which could make our future results of operations less predictable. A customer’s decision to purchase certain of our products, particularly Custom Products and Powertrain Solutions, may involve a lengthy design and qualification process. In addition, the exact timing of customer orders can vary significantly based on factors outside of our control, including permitting and construction delays, customer design changes, availability of qualified labor to install the equipment and release of financing for the project. Consequently, our order booking and sales recognition process may be uncertain and unpredictable, with some customers placing large orders with short lead times on short advance notice and others requiring lengthy, open-ended processes that may change depending on global or regional economic conditions or factors specific to the customer’s industry. The variability of customer orders may cause our revenues and results of operations to vary unexpectedly from quarter-to-quarter, making our future results of operations less predictable. Potential cancellation of customer orders can also lead to cancellation fees with our vendors or excess inventory which, in combination with the lost sales, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 Table of Contents If we are unable to adequately control the costs associated with our manufacturing campuses expansion, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are in the process of replacing our Commerce, California campus with a new campus in Vernon, California; expanding our Waco, Texas, Hanover, Maryland, and Tijuana, Mexico campuses; and have constructed a new campus in Dayton, Minnesota. We substantially completed our capacity expansion plan in fiscal 2026. Although we do not expect to incur material additional capital expenditures for our expansion project past fiscal 2026, we expect to incur further costs associated with these campuses that may affect our profitability, including costs associated with hiring and training qualified employees and ramping up production. These costs may increase due to many factors, including factors beyond our control, such as higher transportation costs, supply chain disruptions, higher supply costs, currency fluctuations, tariffs, inflation and adverse economic or political conditions. See “—Significant disruptions to our supply chain, including the high cost or unavailability of raw materials and components required to manufacture our products, and significant disruptions to our distribution networks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations” and “—Unexpected events, such as natural disasters, geopolitical conflicts, pandemics, a volatile global economic environment, inflation, high interest rates, a potential recession and other events beyond our control, may increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.” In addition, we already have pending contracts and orders from customers to be manufactured at these new campuses. As a result, any delay in such manufacturing may cause such customers to cease doing business with us, significantly reduce the amount of their purchases from us, move their business to competitors or new entrants or change their purchasing patterns. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our ongoing efforts to reduce our costs, such as using automation to increase labor productivity and implementing initiatives to control or reduce our overhead costs, are not successful, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Achieving our long-term financial targets depends in part on our ability to control and/or reduce our costs. Generally, because many of our costs are affected by factors completely or substantially outside our control, we must seek to control or reduce costs through productivity initiatives. We seek to increase our productivity through lean operations, automation, vertically integrated manufacturing, supply chain management and economies of scale. The implementation of productivity initiatives can result in a decrease in our short-term earnings because of the upfront costs we often must incur to implement improvements and the time it take