Item 1A. Risk Factors. The following discussion sets forth the material risk factors that could affect JPMorganChase’s financial condition and operations. Readers should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect the Firm. Any of the risk factors discussed below could by itself, or combined with other factors, materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase’s business, results of operations, financial condition, capital position, liquidity, competitive position or reputation, including by materially increasing expenses or decreasing revenues, which could result in material losses or a decrease in earnings. Summary The principal risk factors include: • Legal and Regulatory risks, including the impact of extensive supervision and regulation, as well as changes to or in the application, interpretation or enforcement of applicable law or executive branch actions, on JPMorganChase’s business and operations; the ways in which differences in regulatory implementation in different jurisdictions or with respect to certain competitors could negatively impact JPMorganChase’s business; the ways in which governmental policies that discourage or penalize business relationships with certain industries, or require specific business practices, could negatively affect JPMorganChase's businesses; the penalties and other repercussions that JPMorganChase could face when resolving litigation or investigations by governmental authorities; the ways in which less predictable legal and regulatory frameworks in certain jurisdictions could negatively impact JPMorganChase’s operations and financial results; and the losses that security holders and other unsecured creditors will absorb if JPMorganChase were to enter into a resolution. • Political risks, including the potential negative effects on JPMorganChase’s businesses due to economic uncertainty resulting from political developments. • Market risks, including the effects that unfavorable economic and market events and conditions, political developments, changes in interest rates and credit spreads, and market fluctuations could have on JPMorganChase’s businesses, investments and market-making positions, as well as on its earnings and liquidity and capital levels. • Credit risks, including the effects from adverse changes in the financial condition of clients, customers, counterparties, central counterparties and other market participants; the potential for losses due to declines in the value of collateral; and potential negative impacts from concentrations of credit risk with respect to clients, customers, counterparties and other market participants. • Liquidity risks, including the risk that JPMorganChase’s ability to operate could be impaired by constrained liquidity; the dependence of JPMorgan Chase & Co. on its subsidiaries for funding; and the potential adverse effects that any downgrades of JPMorganChase’s credit ratings could have on its liquidity and cost of funding. • Capital risks, including the risk that JPMorganChase’s ability to distribute capital to shareholders or to support its business activities could be limited if it does not satisfy applicable regulatory capital requirements. • Operational risks, including risks associated with JPMorganChase’s dependence on its operational systems and its employees, as well as the systems and employees of acquired businesses and external parties; the harm that could be caused by a successful cyber attack affecting JPMorganChase or by other extraordinary events; the adverse effects of failing to identify and address operational risks associated with the introduction of or changes to products, services and delivery platforms or technologies, as well as risks related to data management processes; risks related to safeguarding personal information; potential adverse effects of failing to comply with applicable standards for the oversight of vendors and other service providers; and risks associated with JPMorganChase’s risk management framework and control environment, its models and estimations and associated judgments used in its stress testing and financial statements, and controls over disclosure and financial reporting. • Strategic risks, including the damage to JPMorganChase’s competitive standing that could result from ineffective business strategies; risks associated with the significant competition that JPMorganChase faces; and the potential adverse impacts of climate change on JPMorganChase’s business and operations and those of its clients and customers. • Conduct risks, including the negative impact that could result from misconduct of JPMorganChase’s employees. • Reputation risks, including the potential negative commercial impacts that can arise from JPMorganChase’s decisions related to clients and business activities; and the failure to effectively manage conflicts of interest or to satisfy fiduciary obligations, or other factors that could damage JPMorganChase’s reputation. • Country risks, including potential impacts on JPMorganChase’s businesses from an outbreak or escalation of hostilities between countries or within a country or region; and the potential adverse effects 9 Part I of local economic, political, regulatory and social factors on JPMorganChase’s business in certain countries in which it operates. • People risks, including the criticality of attracting and retaining qualified employees. The above summary is subject in its entirety to the discussion of the risk factors set forth below. The following terms which are used in the risk factors set forth below have these meanings: “applicable law” means the laws, rules and regulations that apply to JPMorganChase’s businesses in the jurisdictions in which it operates. “extraordinary events” include any of the events or circumstances mentioned in the risk factor entitled “JPMorganChase’s operations, results and reputation could be harmed by occurrences of extraordinary events beyond its control.” “governmental authorities” means governmental and regulatory agencies, legislative and judicial bodies and other governmental entities and authorities in the countries, states, municipalities, territories, regions and other jurisdictions in which JPMorganChase does business. “penalties” means fines, penalties or other sanctions imposed by governmental authorities. Legal and Regulatory JPMorganChase’s businesses are highly regulated and are significantly affected by applicable law and supervisory expectations. JPMorganChase must comply with applicable law in all of the jurisdictions around the world where it does business. Like other financial services firms, JPMorganChase is subject to extensive supervision and regulation that significantly affects the way that it conducts its business and structures its operations. The supervisory and regulatory framework also imposes requirements for JPMorganChase to implement and maintain compliance programs, and the complexity of these programs can increase its risks of non-compliance. In addition, entering into or acquiring a new business or expanding current business could increase the scope of applicable law or supervision and regulation to which JPMorganChase is subject. JPMorganChase has in the past and could in the future be required to modify its business and operations in response to changes in applicable law, regulatory decisions or supervisory expectations, such as: • limiting the products and services that it offers • increasing the prices that it charges for products and services, which could reduce the demand for them • reducing the liquidity that it provides through market-making activities • paying higher taxes or other governmental charges • absorbing losses arising from fraudulent transactions perpetrated against its clients and customers • disposing of certain assets, and doing so at disadvantageous times or prices • forgoing business opportunities that it might otherwise pursue, or • otherwise restricting its business activities. These types of changes could increase JPMorganChase’s costs or reduce its revenues. In addition, any failure by JPMorganChase to comply with applicable law or meet supervisory expectations could result in: • increased regulatory scrutiny • enforcement actions by governmental authorities • the imposition of penalties • increased exposure to litigation, or • reputational harm. Furthermore, regulators or governmental authorities could adopt new interpretations of applicable law or supervisory expectations, and in certain circumstances, JPMorganChase could be required to demonstrate that prior conduct complies with these new interpretations. This situation could increase the risks associated with non-compliance and result in the imposition of penalties or enforcement actions. In addition, the business or operations of financial services firms such as JPMorganChase may be negatively affected by executive orders or other executive branch actions that seek to regulate those businesses or operations. Differences in the supervision and regulation of financial services firms could require JPMorganChase to modify its operations and incur higher operational and compliance costs. Various factors could influence the scope of applicable law and supervision for a firm that provides financial services, such as the size of the firm, the businesses in which it engages and its jurisdiction of organization. For example: • larger firms such as JPMorganChase often face more stringent supervision and regulation • certain competitors, such as financial technology companies, may not be subject to banking regulation, or may be subject to less stringent oversight, or • the regulatory and supervisory framework in a particular jurisdiction may favor locally-based firms. A highly-regulated financial services firm such as JPMorganChase can be vulnerable to competition from firms that are less regulated or unregulated. In addition, differences in regulatory implementation between the U.S. and other countries could adversely affect JPMorganChase’s businesses. For example, a national financial services regulator may impose requirements 10 that are stricter than a global standard, which could create competitive disadvantages for those firms, such as JPMorganChase, that are subject to the enhanced regulations. Furthermore, certain authorities outside the U.S. have adopted applicable law that could conflict with or prohibit JPMorganChase from complying with applicable law in other jurisdictions, which could create conflict of law issues and could increase risks associated with non-compliance. Regulatory initiatives outside the U.S. have required and could in the future require JPMorganChase to significantly modify its operations or legal entity structure in the places in which those initiatives are implemented, such as requirements for: • establishing locally-based intermediate holding companies or operating subsidiaries • maintaining minimum amounts of capital or liquidity in locally-based subsidiaries • implementing processes within locally-based subsidiaries for complying with applicable law • separating (or “ring fencing”) core banking products and services from markets activities • the orderly resolution of financial institutions • executing or settling transactions on exchanges or through central counterparties (“CCPs”), or depositing funds with other financial institutions or clearing and settlement systems, and • governance, control, conduct of business and compensation standards. Differences, inconsistencies and conflicts in applicable law related to financial services have required and could in the future require JPMorganChase to: • divest assets or restructure its operations • maintain higher levels of capital and liquidity • incur higher operational, compliance, capital and liquidity costs • become subject to penalties • limit the products and services that it offers, or change the prices that it charges for those products and services, or • forgo business opportunities, including acquisitions or principal investments, that it otherwise would have pursued. JPMorganChase faces significant legal risks from civil and governmental proceedings, including litigation, investigations and enforcement actions. JPMorganChase is named as a defendant or is otherwise involved in many civil and governmental legal proceedings, including class actions, derivative actions and other litigation or disputes with third parties, as well as investigations and enforcement actions by U.S. and non-U.S. governmental authorities, including criminal proceedings. Actions currently pending against JPMorganChase could result in judgments, settlements or penalties adverse to JPMorganChase, and any such resolution of legal proceedings could materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase’s business, financial condition or results of operations, or cause serious reputational harm. In addition, the extent of JPMorganChase’s exposure to legal matters is unpredictable and could, in some cases, exceed the amount of reserves that JPMorganChase has established for those matters. Resolving an investigation by a governmental authority could subject JPMorganChase to significant penalties and other repercussions. Governmental authorities conduct both routine and targeted examinations of JPMorganChase and its subsidiaries, and JPMorganChase’s businesses and operations are subject to heightened regulatory oversight. This scrutiny, or the results of such an examination, could lead to legal proceedings, including investigations or enforcement actions by governmental authorities. Furthermore, a single event involving a potential violation of applicable law could give rise to numerous and overlapping proceedings, including by multiple governmental authorities in the U.S. as well as non-U.S. authorities. In addition, if another financial institution violates applicable law relating to a particular business activity or practice, this will often give rise to legal proceedings related to the same or similar activity or practice by JPMorganChase. JPMorganChase has in the past incurred significant penalties and experienced collateral consequences and other repercussions in connection with resolving investigations and enforcement actions by governmental authorities, and it could face similar investigations, actions and resolutions in the future. JPMorganChase typically incurs higher operational and compliance costs when addressing the requirements of such resolutions, including devoting substantial resources to remediation. In connection with resolving specific investigations or enforcement actions, certain governmental authorities have required JPMorganChase and other financial institutions to admit wrongdoing with respect to the activities that gave rise to the resolution. These types of admissions could lead to negative consequences such as: • disqualification from doing business with certain clients or customers, or in specific jurisdictions • greater exposure in litigation, and • reputational harm. Furthermore, government officials globally have increasingly brought criminal actions against financial institutions and required those institutions to plead guilty to criminal offenses in connection with resolving investigations or enforcement actions by governmental authorities. These resolutions could have significant 11 Part I collateral consequences for the subject financial institution, including: • loss of clients, customers and business • restrictions on offering certain products or services, and • loss of permission to operate certain businesses, either temporarily or permanently. JPMorganChase expects that the following trends will continue: • it will be subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny and pervasive investigations and enforcement actions by governmental authorities, as well as criticism or litigation from clients or customers who claim that they have been harmed by actions taken by JPMorganChase in order to comply with applicable law • governmental authorities will forgo opportunities to resolve investigations with informal supervisory actions, and will pursue formal and punitive enforcement actions with respect to actual or deemed violations of law • resolutions of investigations and enforcement actions will result in the imposition of significant penalties, and • governmental authorities will be more likely to bring formal enforcement actions against JPMorganChase if it has previously been subject to other investigations or enforcement actions by governmental authorities. When resolving an investigation or enforcement action by a governmental authority, the subject financial institution typically must satisfy new or enhanced regulatory requirements or restrictions. If JPMorganChase fails to meet the requirements of any such resolution, or to maintain risk and control processes that meet the heightened expectations of its regulators, it could be required to, among other things: • enter into further resolutions • incur additional penalties or judgments, or • accept material restrictions on, or changes in the management of, its businesses. In these circumstances, JPMorganChase could also become subject to prosecution or civil litigation with respect to the matters that gave rise to an investigation or enforcement action. In addition, JPMorganChase could incur higher costs when resolving investigations and enforcement actions involving newly-acquired businesses, companies in which JPMorganChase has made principal investments, parties to joint ventures with JPMorganChase, and vendors with which JPMorganChase does business. As a participant in the financial services industry, it is likely that JPMorganChase will continue to experience a high level of litigation and investigations by governmental authorities related to its businesses and operations. In addition, JPMorganChase could become subject to a significant investigation by governmental authorities and be unable to disclose specific information concerning that investigation to the public if such a disclosure would violate JPMorganChase’s obligations under applicable law to maintain confidentiality, even if the resolution of that investigation could have a material adverse effect on JPMorganChase’s business, operations, results or financial condition. JPMorganChase’s compliance risk and operating costs could be higher in jurisdictions with less predictable legal, regulatory and judicial frameworks. JPMorganChase conducts business in certain jurisdictions in which the application of the rule of law is inconsistent, extralegal or less predictable, including with respect to: • the absence of a statutory, regulatory or interpretative basis for engaging in specific types of business or transactions • applicable law or judicial orders that are ambiguous, conflicting, or inconsistently applied or interpreted • actions by or at the direction of governmental authorities or officials • uncertainty concerning the enforceability of intellectual property rights or contractual or other obligations • challenges associated with competing in economies in which the government controls or protects all or a portion of the local economy or specific businesses, or where graft or corruption may be pervasive • the threat of investigations by governmental authorities, civil litigations or criminal prosecutions that are arbitrary or otherwise contrary to established legal principles in other parts of the world, and • the termination of licenses or other permissions required to operate in the relevant jurisdiction, or the suspension of business relationships with governmental entities, leading to lost revenue. If the legal, regulatory or judicial framework in a particular jurisdiction is susceptible to producing outcomes that are inconsistent, unexpected or contrary to established legal principles, this could create a more difficult business environment for JPMorganChase and could negatively affect its operations and reduce its earnings with respect to that jurisdiction. In addition, conducting business in a jurisdiction with a less predictable legal, regulatory or judicial framework could require JPMorganChase to devote significant additional resources to understanding, and operating its businesses in compliance with, applicable law and judicial precedents in that jurisdiction, and there can be no assurance that JPMorganChase will always be successful in doing so. 12 JPMorganChase's business and operations could be negatively affected by governmental policies that discourage or penalize doing business with certain industries or that require specific business practices. JPMorganChase’s businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected by actions or initiatives by governmental authorities or officials that: • seek to discourage financial institutions from doing business with companies engaged in certain industries, or conversely, to penalize financial institutions that elect not to do business with such companies, or • mandate specific business practices for companies operating in the relevant jurisdiction. Governmental policies may differ or conflict across jurisdictions, which could lead to negative consequences for JPMorganChase regardless of the course of action that it takes or elects not to take, including: • prohibitions or restrictions on doing business within a particular jurisdiction, or with governmental entities in a jurisdiction • the threat of enforcement actions, including under antitrust or other anti-competition laws, and • reputational harm. Changes in the requirements for the regulatory evaluation of JPMorganChase’s resolution plan could increase its funding or operational costs or require restructuring or curtailment of its businesses. JPMorganChase must periodically submit a detailed resolution plan to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC for its rapid and orderly resolution in bankruptcy, without extraordinary government support, in the event of material financial distress or failure. The regulatory requirements concerning resolution plans and the evaluation of JPMorganChase’s resolution plan by the banking regulators could change over time. Any such changes could result in JPMorganChase making changes to its legal entity structure or to certain of its internal or external activities, which could increase its funding or operational costs, or hamper its ability to serve clients and customers. If the Federal Reserve and the FDIC were both to determine that a resolution plan submitted by JPMorganChase has deficiencies, they could jointly impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements, or restrictions on JPMorganChase’s growth, activities or operations. The banking regulators could also require that JPMorganChase restructure, reorganize or divest assets or businesses in ways that could materially and adversely affect JPMorganChase’s operations and strategy. Holders of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s debt and equity securities will absorb losses if it were to enter into a resolution. Federal Reserve rules require JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the “Parent Company”) to maintain minimum levels of unsecured external long-term debt and other loss-absorbing capacity with specific terms (“eligible LTD”) to recapitalize JPMorganChase’s operating subsidiaries if the Parent Company were to enter into a resolution either in a bankruptcy proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or in a receivership administered by the FDIC under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act (“Title II”). If the Parent Company were to enter into a resolution, holders of eligible LTD, other unsecured creditors and holders of equity securities of the Parent Company will absorb the losses of the Parent Company and its subsidiaries. The preferred “single point of entry” strategy under JPMorganChase’s resolution plan contemplates that the Parent Company would enter bankruptcy proceedings and JPMorganChase’s material subsidiaries would be recapitalized, as needed, so that they could continue normal operations or subsequently be divested or wound down in an orderly manner. As a result, the Parent Company’s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on holders of the Parent Company’s equity securities and thereafter on its unsecured creditors, including holders of eligible LTD. Claims of the Parent Company’s shareholders and unsecured creditors would have a junior position to the claims of creditors of JPMorganChase’s subsidiaries and to the claims of priority (as determined by statute) and secured creditors of the Parent Company. Accordingly, in a resolution of the Parent Company in bankruptcy, unsecured creditors of the Parent Company, including holders of eligible LTD of the Parent Company, would realize value only to the extent available to the Parent Company as a shareholder of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its other subsidiaries, and only after any claims of priority and secured creditors of the Parent Company have been fully repaid. The FDIC has similarly indicated that a single point of entry recapitalization model would be its expected strategy to resolve a systemically important financial institution, such as the Parent Company, under Title II. However, the FDIC has not formally adopted or committed to any specific resolution strategy. If the Parent Company were to approach, or enter into, a resolution, none of the Parent Company, the Federal Reserve or the FDIC is obligated to follow JPMorganChase’s preferred resolution strategy, and losses to unsecured creditors of the Parent Company, including holders of eligible LTD, and to holders of equity securities of the Parent Company, under whatever strategy is ultimately followed, could be 13 Part I greater than they might have been under JPMorganChase’s preferred strategy. Political JPMorganChase’s businesses could be negatively affected by economic uncertainty resulting from political and geopolitical developments. Political developments in the U.S. and other countries could cause uncertainty in the economic environment and market conditions in which JPMorganChase operates. Certain governmental policies or actions could significantly affect U.S. and global economic growth and cause higher volatility in the financial markets, including: • monetary policies and actions taken by central banks, including any sustained large-scale asset purchases, any suspension or reversal of those actions, and changes in interest rate levels • fiscal policies, including with respect to taxation and spending • foreign policies that emphasize national interests • economic or financial sanctions • the implementation of tariffs and other trade policies • requirements to relocate business activities or operations • deployment of the military • changes to immigration policies, or • actions or inactions by a government related to emergencies. These types of political developments, as well as heightened geopolitical tensions, could: • erode investor or consumer confidence in the U.S. economy and financial markets, which could potentially undermine the status of the U.S. dollar as a safe haven currency • provoke retaliatory countermeasures by other countries or otherwise heighten tensions in trade or diplomatic relations • increase the risk of targeted cyber attacks • increase concerns about whether the U.S. government will be funded and will be able to service its outstanding debt • result in periodic shutdowns of the U.S. government • influence investor perceptions concerning government support of certain sectors of the economy or the economy as a whole • influence monetary policy actions of the Federal Reserve to moderate the economic impact of political developments, including decisions on interest rate levels and asset purchases and sales • adversely affect the financial condition or credit ratings of clients and counterparties with which JPMorganChase does business, or • cause JPMorganChase to forgo business opportunities that it might otherwise pursue. These factors could lead to: • slower growth rates, rising inflation or recession • disruptions in labor markets • greater market volatility • a contraction of available credit and the widening of credit spreads • U.S. dollar currency fluctuations • lower investments in a particular country or sector of the economy • large-scale sales of government debt and other debt and equity securities • reduced commercial activity among trading partners or disruptions to supply chains, or • the formation of or changes in political or economic alliances or treaties. These risks could become highly correlated or combine in unexpected ways under certain circumstances, including geopolitically challenging situations in regions such as Russia, the Middle East and China. Any of the foregoing potential outcomes could cause JPMorganChase to: • suffer losses on its market-making positions or in its investment portfolio • reduce its liquidity and capital levels • increase the allowance for credit losses or recognize higher net charge-offs • hamper its ability to deliver products and services to its clients and customers • weaken its results of operations and financial condition or credit ratings, or • become subject to prolonged litigation. Market Adverse economic and market events and conditions could negatively affect JPMorganChase’s results of operations and investment and market-making positions. JPMorganChase’s results of operations could be negatively affected by the occurrence or persistence of adverse changes in any of the following: • the U.S. and global economies • investor, consumer and business sentiment, or confidence in the financial markets • inflation, deflation, recession or employment • the availability and cost of capital, liquidity and credit • levels and volatility of interest rates, credit spreads or market prices of currencies, securities and 14 commodities, and the duration of any such changes, and • economic and geopolitical effects of extraordinary events beyond JPMorganChase’s control. The above factors could be affected by global economic, market and political events and conditions, including the regulatory environment, monetary policies, trade policies, and actions taken by central banks or governmental authorities. In addition, JPMorganChase’s investment portfolio and market-making businesses could suffer losses due to unanticipated market events and conditions, including: • severe declines in asset values • unexpected credit events, credit rating downgrades and large counterparty losses • disruption of trade routes and supply chains globally • events or conditions that cause previously uncorrelated market factors to become correlated (and vice versa) • the inability to effectively hedge risks related to market-making and investment portfolio positions, or • other market risks that may not have been adequately considered when developing, structuring or pricing a financial instrument. Any significant losses in JPMorganChase’s investment portfolio or from market-making activities could reduce its profitability and its liquidity and capital levels, and thereby constrain the growth of its businesses. JPMorganChase’s consumer businesses could be negatively affected by adverse economic conditions and adverse impacts of governmental policies. JPMorganChase’s consumer businesses are particularly affected by U.S. and global economic conditions, including: • the distribution of personal and household income • unemployment or underemployment • changes in housing prices • the level of inflation and its effect on prices for goods and services • consumer and small business confidence levels • prolonged periods of exceptionally high or low interest rates, or significant changes to interest rates • changes in the value of collateral such as residential real estate and vehicles, and • changes in consumer spending or in the level of consumer debt. High unemployment levels could reduce personal and household income, which could degrade consumer credit performance if consumers struggle to service their debts. Adverse economic conditions could also lead to an increase in delinquencies, an increase in the allowance for credit losses or higher net charge-offs, which could reduce JPMorganChase’s earnings. These consequences could be significantly worse if high levels of consumer debt, such as outstanding student loans, impair the ability of customers to pay their other consumer loan obligations, or in certain geographies where declining industrial or manufacturing activity has resulted in or could result in higher levels of unemployment. In addition, JPMorganChase’s earnings from its consumer businesses could be adversely affected if customer demand for the products and services offered by its consumer businesses is diminished by sustained low growth, low or negative interest rates, inflationary pressures, or recessionary conditions. Furthermore, governmental policies and actions, including those relating to pricing of products, taxation, medical insurance, education, immigration, and housing, or those that impact employment status, could reduce consumer disposable income and decrease JPMorganChase's earnings from its consumer businesses. Unfavorable market and economic conditions could adversely affect JPMorganChase’s wholesale businesses. Market and economic factors can affect the volume of transactions and advisory engagements for which JPMorganChase is engaged and the related revenue from those activities. These factors could also influence the willingness of other financial institutions and investors to participate in capital markets transactions that JPMorganChase manages. Furthermore, any significant and sustained deterioration in market conditions could reduce fee revenue due to lower transaction volumes, including when clients are unwilling or unable to refinance their outstanding debt obligations. Additionally, the profitability of JPMorganChase’s capital markets activities could be impacted if it needs to dispose of portions of credit commitments at a loss or hold larger residual positions in credit commitments that cannot be sold at favorable prices. The fees that JPMorganChase earns from managing client assets or holding assets under custody for clients could be diminished by declining asset values or other adverse macroeconomic conditions. For example, higher interest rates or a market downturn could affect the valuation of client assets that JPMorganChase manages or holds under custody, resulting in lower revenue from fees that are based on the amount of assets under management or custody. Similarly, adverse macroeconomic or market conditions could prompt outflows from JPMorganChase funds or accounts, or cause clients to invest in products that generate lower revenue. Substantial and unexpected withdrawals from a JPMorganChase fund could also hamper the investment performance of the fund, particularly if the outflows create the need for the fund to dispose of fund assets at disadvantageous times or 15 Part I prices, and could lead to further withdrawals based on the weaker investment performance. An adverse change in market conditions in particular segments of the economy, or sustained changes in consumer behavior that affect specific economic sectors, could have a material adverse effect on clients of JPMorganChase whose operations or financial condition are significantly impacted by the health or stability of those segments or economic sectors, as well as clients that are engaged in related businesses. JPMorganChase could incur credit losses on its loans and other commitments to clients that operate in, or are significantly impacted by, any sector of the economy under stress. An economic downturn or sustained changes in consumer behavior that result in shifts in consumer and business spending could also have a negative impact on certain of JPMorganChase’s wholesale clients, and thereby diminish JPMorganChase’s earnings from its wholesale operations. For example, clients that rely on rental income from commercial real estate properties could be negatively affected by sustained adverse economic conditions or circumstances (such as hybrid work models) that reduce tenancies. These types of developments could depress property values, impair the ability of clients to service or refinance their loans and lead to an increase in foreclosures. These consequences could result in JPMorganChase experiencing an increase in the allowance for credit losses, higher delinquencies, defaults and charge-offs within its commercial real estate loan portfolio and incurring higher costs for servicing a larger volume of delinquent loans in that portfolio. An increase in foreclosures could also result in higher operational risk associated with JPMorganChase owning and managing real property, and any inadequacy in governance or control over the foreclosed properties could result in regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm. Changes in interest rates and credit spreads could adversely affect JPMorganChase’s earnings or its liquidity and capital levels. JPMorganChase may generally be expected to earn higher net interest income when interest rates are high or increasing. However, higher interest rates could also result in: • fewer originations of commercial and residential real estate loans • losses on underwriting exposures or increases in client-specific downgrades • increased financing costs for clients, which could lead to an increase in the allowance for credit losses and higher net charge-offs • the loss of deposits, including where customers transition to higher-yielding products • losses on available-for-sale (“AFS”) securities held in the investment securities portfolio • less liquidity in the financial markets, and • higher funding costs. All of these outcomes could adversely affect JPMorganChase’s earnings or its liquidity and capital levels, with more severe impacts in a prolonged period of high interest rates. Higher interest rates could also negatively affect the payment performance on loans within JPMorganChase’s consumer and wholesale loan portfolios that are linked to variable interest rates. If borrowers of variable rate loans reduce or stop making payments at higher interest rates, JPMorganChase could incur losses as well as increased operational costs related to servicing a higher volume of delinquent loans. On the other hand, a low or negative interest rate environment could cause: • compressed net interest margins, which could result in lower earnings on JPMorganChase’s investment securities portfolio • adverse or unanticipated changes in depositor behavior, which could negatively affect JPMorganChase’s broader asset and liability management strategies, and • a reduction in the value of JPMorganChase’s mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”) asset, resulting in decreased revenues. When credit spreads widen, it becomes more expensive for JPMorganChase to borrow. JPMorganChase’s credit spreads could widen or narrow not only due to events and circumstances that are specific to JPMorganChase but also as a result of general economic and geopolitical events and conditions. Changes in JPMorganChase’s credit spreads could negatively affect its earnings on certain liabilities, such as derivatives, that are recorded at fair value. JPMorganChase’s results could be materially affected by market fluctuations and significant changes in the valuation of financial instruments. The value of securities, derivatives and other financial instruments that JPMorganChase owns or in which it makes markets could be materially affected by market fluctuations. Market volatility, illiquid market conditions and other fluctuations in the financial markets could make it extremely difficult to value certain financial instruments. Subsequent valuations of financial instruments in future periods, in light of factors then prevailing, could result in significant changes in the value of these instruments. In addition, when JPMorganChase disposes of a financial instrument, the price that it realizes will depend on demand and liquidity in the market at the time of disposition, and that price could be materially lower than the current fair 16 value of the instrument. Any of these factors could cause a decline in the value of financial instruments that JPMorganChase owns or in which it makes markets, which could have an adverse effect on its results of operations. Furthermore, JPMorganChase’s hedging and other risk management strategies may not always be effective, and it could incur significant losses, if extreme market events were to occur. Credit JPMorganChase could be negatively affected by adverse changes in the financial condition of clients, counterparties, CCPs and other market participants. JPMorganChase routinely executes transactions with clients and counterparties such as corporations, financial institutions, asset managers, hedge funds, securities exchanges and government entities globally. Many of these transactions expose JPMorganChase to the credit risk of its clients and counterparties, and JPMorganChase could incur losses and become involved in disputes and litigation in connection with a default by a client or counterparty. JPMorganChase could also face losses or liability if a financial institution providing custodial services for client assets becomes insolvent. If a CCP through which JPMorganChase executes contracts suffers a financial or operational failure or otherwise defaults, JPMorganChase would be required to replace the relevant contracts, which would increase its operational costs and potentially result in losses. In addition, if a member of a CCP in which JPMorganChase is also a member defaults on its obligations to the CCP, JPMorganChase could incur losses due to requirements that each member of the CCP absorb a portion of those losses. Furthermore, JPMorganC