Item 1. Business Overview We are a Fortune 100 corporation and a leading global distributor and solutions aggregator for the information technology ("IT") ecosystem. We serve a critical role, bringing products from the world's leading and emerging technology vendors to market, and helping our customers create solutions best suited to maximize business outcomes for their end-user customers. We aggregate and distribute IT hardware, software, and systems including personal computing devices and peripherals, mobile phones and accessories, printers, server and datacenter infrastructure, hybrid cloud, security, networking, communications and storage solutions, and system components. We also design and deliver purpose-built server, storage and networking solutions for the hyperscale computing infrastructure market. We operate in three reportable segments based on our geographic regions: the Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific and Japan ("APJ"). 3 Table of Contents We have been in business since 1980 and have headquarters in both Clearwater, Florida and Fremont, California. We were originally incorporated in the State of California as COMPAC Microelectronics, Inc. in November 1980, and we changed our name to SYNNEX Information Technologies, Inc. in February 1994. We later reincorporated in the State of Delaware under the name of SYNNEX Corporation in October 2003. On September 1, 2021, SYNNEX Corporation acquired Tech Data Corporation, a Florida corporation (“Tech Data”) through a series of mergers, which resulted in Tech Data becoming an indirect subsidiary of TD SYNNEX Corporation (collectively, the "Merger"). On October 22, 2021, as a result of the Merger we filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to change our corporate name from SYNNEX Corporation to TD SYNNEX Corporation, effective November 3, 2021. Our Strategy Digital transformation and the migration to cloud computing is reshaping our industry, enabling businesses and consumers to evaluate, procure, acquire, and consume technology products and services in a variety of ways. Hybrid models of IT consumption, supporting both physical and virtual delivery methods are emerging, as hardware and software-based solutions become increasingly combined. As a result, customers are seeking greater integration of products, services and solutions that tie technologies together. Therefore, we believe it is important to provide a broad, end-to-end portfolio, with deep capabilities across the computing continuum to help customers manage the increasingly complex IT ecosystem and deliver the solutions and business outcomes the market desires. Our vision for the future is to be the vital solutions aggregator and orchestrator that connects the IT ecosystem. We are focusing on the following strategic imperatives in pursuit of our vision: • Unify our reach by expanding our portfolio in both mature and developing markets through our targeted go-to-market strategy. • Target new customers by leveraging our specialist go-to-market and trusted advisor approach to deliver tailored value propositions and personalized solutions that align closely with the unique business needs and priorities of each customer. • Expand our addressable market through our unique vendor value proposition, capitalizing on end-to-end capabilities to support business currently operated by vendors. • Diversify our offerings within our end-to-end portfolio of products, services and solutions, including providing design, manufacturing and supply chain services to hyperscale computing infrastructure customers. • Expand and attach our services capabilities to meet our customers’ evolving needs, also enabling us to engage earlier in the customer lifecycle, support more complex deployments, drive renewals and deepen our relationships with our customers. Our Products and Suppliers We offer a comprehensive catalog of more than 200,000 technology products (as measured by active SKU's) from approximately 2,500 OEMs, including personal computing devices, mobile phones and accessories, and strategic technologies such as cloud, security, data analytics, AI and hyperscale computing infrastructure. This enables us to offer comprehensive solutions to our reseller and retail customers. We group the majority of our offerings into two primary solutions portfolios, Endpoint Solutions and Advanced Solutions which are comprised of the following: Endpoint Solutions Portfolio: • Our Endpoint Solutions portfolio primarily includes personal computing devices and peripherals, mobile phones and accessories, printers and supplies. Advanced Solutions Portfolio: • Our Advanced Solutions portfolio primarily includes data center technologies such as hybrid cloud, security, storage, networking, servers, software, converged and hyper-converged infrastructure and hyperscale computing infrastructure, via our Hyve business. 4 Table of Contents Our suppliers include leading IT systems, system components and peripherals, software, communications and security equipment, and networking equipment manufacturers. We purchase these and other complementary products from our suppliers and sell them to our reseller and retail customers. We perform a similar function for our distribution of licensed software products. We provide our vendors with access to large and highly fragmented markets such as small- and medium-sized businesses (“SMB”) and serve as a variable, cost effective route to market for our vendors by providing them with access to resellers and end-users. The following table provides revenue generated from products purchased from vendors that exceeded 10% of our consolidated revenue for the periods indicated (as a percent of consolidated revenue): Twelve Months Ended November 30, 2025 November 30, 2024 November 30, 2023 Apple, Inc. 12 % 12 % 11 % HP Inc. 10 % N/A (1) N/A (1) __________________ (1) Revenue generated from products purchased from this vendor was less than 10% of consolidated revenue during the period presented. We have distribution agreements with most of our suppliers, including Apple Inc. and HP Inc. These agreements usually provide for nonexclusive distribution rights and pertain to specific geographic territories. The agreements are also generally short-term, subject to periodic renewal, and often contain provisions permitting termination by either our supplier or us without cause upon relatively short notice. Our vendor agreements generally do not restrict us from selling similar products manufactured by competitors, nor do they require us to sell a specified quantity of product. As a result, we have the flexibility to terminate or curtail sales of one product line in favor of another due to technological change, pricing considerations, product availability, and customer demand or vendor distribution policies. An OEM supplier that elects to terminate a distribution agreement will generally repurchase its products carried in our inventory. Our business subjects us to the risk that the value of our inventory will be affected adversely by suppliers’ price reductions or by technological changes affecting the usefulness or desirability of the products comprising our inventory. Many of our OEM suppliers offer us limited protection from the loss in value of our inventory due to a supplier’s price reduction or technological change. Under many of these agreements, we have a limited period of time to return or exchange products or claim price protection credits. Historically, price protection and stock rotation privileges, as well as our inventory management procedures, have helped reduce the risk of loss of inventory value. We monitor our inventory levels and attempt to time our purchases to maximize our protection under supplier programs. Our Customers Our products are marketed globally to an active reseller base of more than 150,000 customers. Our reseller customers include value-added resellers (“VARs”), independent software vendors ("ISVs"), corporate resellers, government resellers, system integrators, direct marketers, retailers and managed service providers (“MSPs”). Resellers are classified primarily by their end-user customers. End-users include large corporations or enterprises, federal, state and local governments, SMBs, and individual consumers. In addition, resellers vary greatly in size and geographic reach. Our reseller customers buy from us and other distributors. Our larger reseller customers also buy certain products directly from OEM suppliers. System integrators offer services in addition to product resale, primarily in systems customization, integration, and deployment. Retailers serve mostly individual end-users and to a small degree, small office/home office customers. We also provide systems design and integration solutions for data center servers and networking solutions built specific to our customers’ workloads and data center environments. We combine our core strengths in distribution with demand generation, supply chain management and design and integration solutions to help our customers achieve greater efficiencies in time to market, cost minimization, real-time linkages in the supply chain and aftermarket product support. We also provide comprehensive IT solutions in key vertical markets such as government and healthcare, and specialized service offerings that increase efficiencies in the areas of global computing components, logistics services and supply chain management. One customer accounted for 11%, 12% and 11% of our total revenue in fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of November 30, 2025 and 2024, no single customer comprised more than 10% of the consolidated accounts receivable balance. While we do not believe that the loss of any single customer would have a material adverse effect on us, such loss could result in an adverse impact on certain of our businesses. 5 Table of Contents Our business is characterized by low gross profit as a percentage of revenue, or gross margin, and low operating income as a percentage of revenue, or operating margin. The market for IT products has generally been characterized by declining unit prices and short product life cycles, although unit prices for certain products have increased during certain periods due to factors such as supply chain constraints and inflation. We set our sales price based on the market supply and demand characteristics for each particular product or bundle of products we distribute and services we provide. Our gross margin has fluctuated annually due to changes in the mix of products we offer, the percentage of revenue that is presented on a net basis, customers we sell to, incentives and rebates received from our OEM suppliers, competition, seasonality, replacement of lower margin business, inventory obsolescence, and lower costs associated with increased efficiencies. Generally, when our revenue becomes more concentrated on limited products or customers, our gross margin tends to decrease due to increased pricing pressure from OEM suppliers or reseller customers. We are highly dependent on the end-market demand for IT products, and on our partners’ strategic initiatives and business models. This end-market demand is influenced by many factors including the introduction of new IT products and software by OEM suppliers, replacement cycles for existing IT products, trends toward cloud computing and software-as-a-service arrangements, overall economic growth and general business activity. A difficult and challenging economic environment may also lead to consolidation or decline in the IT industries and increased price-based competition. Our Services and Solutions Our service offerings include the following: Systems Design and Integration Solutions. We provide our customers with systems design and full rack integration solutions, build-to-order, and configure-to-order assembly capabilities. We offer design, integration, test and other production value-added solutions such as thermal testing, power-draw efficiency testing, burn-in, quality and logistics support. Logistics Services. We provide logistics support to our reseller customers such as outsourced fulfillment, virtual distribution and direct ship to end-users. Other logistics support activities we provide include generation of customized shipping documents, multi-level serial number tracking for customized, configured products and online order and shipment tracking. We also offer full turn-key logistics solutions designed to address the needs of large volume or specialty logistics services. Our full turn-key service offering is modular in nature and is designed to cover all aspects of the logistics life cycle including, transportation management, inventory optimization, complementary product matching, reverse logistics, asset refurbishment and disposal and strategic procurement. Depot Repair Services. We provide scalable depot repair services delivered by certified engineers and technicians that enable OEMs to maintain productivity, participate in the circular economy, and reduce costs. Our depot repair services cover the full spectrum of products so OEMs can provide their customers comprehensive repair services without needing to dedicate their own resources to the task. Field Services. We provide field services that are purposefully built to support today's increasingly complex technology environments. Backed by deep technical expertise, powerful infrastructure and a robust partner network, our pre-deployment, deployment and post-deployment services are specialized to support a wide array of OEM brands. Our multi-platform-trained technicians are dispatched to customer sites to install and service products, helping ensure the success of their technology investments. Customer Management Services. Our customer management services are designed to support sales ecosystems, including operations and customer success, financing, engineering, business intelligence, and IT training. Using dedicated resources and an in-house data analytics team, we design customer-centric, distributor-neutral solutions that keep customers engaged so OEMs can expand their reach and capture additional revenue opportunities. Cloud Services. We provide cloud-based solutions and services to our reseller customers to enable sales of and migration to technologies in a hosted environment to small and medium businesses. Our proprietary cloud platform offers a complete package of cloud-based solutions on a user-friendly platform and allows our reseller customers and OEM suppliers to own the complete customer lifecycle through direct billing, provisioning, management, and support. Our solutions cover all end-user customer needs, including, pure public cloud solutions in productivity and collaboration, IaaS, or Infrastructure as a Service, PaaS, or Platform as a Service, SaaS, or Software as a Service, Security, Mobility, AI and other hybrid solutions. Our dedicated cloud team comprising developers, sales engineers and solutions specialists, supports our reseller customers in the sales of these solutions. 6 Table of Contents Online Services. We maintain electronic data interchange (“EDI”), extensible markup language (“XML”), web-based communication links and mobile applications with many of our reseller and retail customers. These links improve the speed and efficiency of our transactions with our customers by enabling them to search for products, check inventory availability and prices, configure systems, place and track orders, receive invoices, review account status and process returns. We also have web-based application software that allows our customers or their end-user customers to order software and take delivery online. In addition, we use proprietary and industry standard application programming interfaces ("APIs") to connect with OEMs and resellers, providing dynamic transactional capabilities to our platforms. Financial Services. We offer our reseller customers various financing options, including net terms, third party leasing, floor plan financing and letters-of-credit backed financing and arrangements where we collect payments directly from the end-user. We also lease products to our reseller customers and their end-users and provide DaaS, or Device-as-a-Service, to end-users. The availability and terms of our financing services are subject to our credit policies or those of third-party financing providers to our customers. Marketing Services. We offer our OEM suppliers a full range of marketing activities targeting resellers, system integrators and retailers including direct mail, external media advertising, reseller product training, targeted telemarketing campaigns, national and regional trade shows, trade groups, database analysis, print on demand services and web-based marketing. Sales and Marketing We serve our large commercial, government reseller, and retail customers through dedicated sales professionals. Our sales professionals receive comprehensive training on our policies, procedures and the technical specifications of products, and attend additional training offered by our vendors. We market to smaller resellers and OEM suppliers through dedicated regional sales teams. In addition, we have dedicated product management and business development specialists that focus on the sale and promotion of products and services of selected suppliers or for specific end-market verticals. These specialists are also directly involved in establishing new relationships with leading OEM suppliers to create demand for their products and services and with resellers for their customers’ needs. We also have a direct sales approach for our design and integration solutions business. Our sales and marketing professionals are complemented by members of our executive management team who are integral in identifying potential new customer opportunities, promoting sales growth and ensuring customer satisfaction. We have sales and marketing professionals in close geographic proximity to our customers and OEM suppliers. Our Operations We operate 168 distribution and administrative facilities globally. Our distribution processes are highly automated to ensure timely order fulfillment and accuracy, and enhance the efficiency of our warehouse operations and back office administration. Our distribution facilities are geographically dispersed to be near reseller customers and their end-users. This decentralized, regional strategy enables us to benefit from lower shipping costs and shorter delivery lead times to our customers. Furthermore, we track multiple performance measurements to continuously improve the efficiency and capabilities of our distribution operations. Our regional locations also enable us to make local deliveries and provide will-call fulfillment to more customers than if our distribution operations were more centralized, resulting in better service to our customers. To optimize response to short-term changes in order activity, our workforce is comprised of permanent and temporary co-workers. Our proprietary IT systems and processes enable us to automate many of our distribution operations. We use radio frequency and bar code scanning technologies in our warehouse operations to maintain real-time inventory records, facilitate strong inventory control and improve the speed and accuracy of order fulfillment. To enhance the accuracy of our distribution order fulfillment and protect our inventory from shrinkage, our distribution systems also incorporate numerous controls. These controls include robotic automation, order weight checks, bar code scanning, and serial number profile verification. We also use digital video imaging to record both receiving and shipping activities. These images and other warehouse and shipping data are available online to our customer service representatives, enabling us to quickly respond to order inquiries by our customers. We operate our principal systems design and integration solutions facilities in the United States with additional locations in Taiwan, the United Kingdom and China. We generally design and integrate IT systems, data center servers and networking solutions and IT appliances, by incorporating system components either purchased directly from vendors, obtained from our distribution inventory or through a customer-owned procurement model. Some of our design and integration solutions facilities are ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 14001:2015 certified. 7 Table of Contents International Operations Approximately 48% of our consolidated revenue for fiscal year 2025 was generated by our international operations. Our end market strategy is to continue expanding internationally on a selective basis in order to provide our distribution capabilities to OEM suppliers in locations that meet their regional requirements. Sales and cost concentrations in foreign jurisdictions subject us to various risks, including the impact of changes in the value of these foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which in turn can impact reported sales. See Note 12 – Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report for financial information by segment. Seasonality Our operating results are affected by the seasonality of the IT products industry. We have historically experienced slightly higher sales in our fourth fiscal quarter due to patterns in capital budgeting, federal government spending and purchasing cycles of our customers and end-users. These historical patterns may not be repeated in subsequent periods. Purchasing Product cost represents our single largest expense and IT product inventory is one of our largest working capital investments. Furthermore, product procurement from our OEM suppliers is a highly complex process that involves incentive programs, rebate programs, price protection, volume and early payment discounts and other arrangements. Consequently, efficient and effective purchasing operations are critical to our success. Our purchasing group works closely with many areas of our organization, especially our product managers who work closely with our OEM suppliers and our sales force, to understand the volume and mix of IT products that should be purchased. In addition, depending on the business unit, the purchasing group utilizes either internally developed, proprietary information systems or commercial off-the-shelf applications that further aid in forecasting future product demand based on several factors, including historical sales levels, expected product life cycle and current and projected economic conditions. We may also rely on our receipt of good-faith, non-binding customer forecasts. We maintain electronic connections with our OEM suppliers to send purchase orders, receive purchase order status and receive notification once the product has shipped from our supplier. Our information system also tracks warehouse and channel inventory levels and open purchase orders on a real-time basis enabling us to stock inventory at a regional level closer to the customer as well as to actively manage our working capital resources. This level of automation promotes greater efficiencies of inventory management by replenishing and turning inventory, as well as placing purchase orders on a more frequent basis. Furthermore, our system tool also allows for automated checks and controls to prevent the generation of inaccurate orders. Managing our OEM supplier incentive programs is another critical function of our purchasing and product management teams. We also attempt to maximize the benefits of incentives, rebates and volume and early payment discounts that our OEM suppliers offer us. We carefully evaluate these supplier incentive benefits relative to our product handling and carrying costs so that we do not over-invest in our inventory. We also closely monitor inventory levels on a product-by-product basis and plan purchases to take advantage of OEM supplier provided price protection. By managing inventory levels and monitoring customer purchase patterns at each of our regional distribution facilities, we believe we can minimize our shipping costs by stocking products near our resellers and retailers, and their end-user customers. Financial Services We offer various financing options to our customers as well as prepayment, credit card and cash on delivery terms. In providing credit terms to our reseller and retail customers, we closely and regularly monitor their creditworthiness through our information systems, their credit ratings information and periodic detailed credit file reviews by our financial services staff. We have also purchased credit insurance in most geographies to further control customer credit risks. Finally, we establish reserves for estimated credit losses in the normal course of business based on the overall quality and aging of our accounts receivable portfolio, the existence of credit insurance and specifically identified customer risks. We also sell to certain reseller customers pursuant to third party floor plan financing. The expenses charged by these financing companies are subsidized either by our OEM suppliers or paid by us. We receive payment from these financing companies based on agreed upon terms that depend on the specific arrangement. 8 Table of Contents Information Technology Our IT systems manage the entire order cycle, including processing customer orders, customer billing and payment tracking. These IT systems make our operations more efficient and provide visibility into our operations. We believe our IT infrastructure is scalable to support further growth. We continue to enhance and invest in our IT systems to improve product and inventory management, streamline order and fulfillment processes, and increase operational flexibility. To allow our customers and suppliers to communicate and tran