ITEM 1. BUSINESS The Company: A heritage of innovation Founded in 1984, the Company equips, leading automakers, governments and regulated industries with secure, reliable software that drives productivity, resilience and mission-critical performance. Based in Waterloo, Ontario, the Company has two core divisions, QNX and Secure Communications, each addressing large and growing market opportunities. The Company’s QNX division develops safe, reliable software for embedded systems across technology-driven industries, including automotive, medical devices, robotics, and industrial automation. The world’s leading automotive OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers rely on QNX® technology, which enables more than 275 million vehicles. The Company’s Secure Communications division delivers operational resiliency with a government-grade portfolio of secure, certified solutions for mobile fortification, critical communications and crisis management. The Company was incorporated under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) and has amalgamated with several of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, the last occurring through the filing of articles of amalgamation on November 4, 2013. The Company’s common shares trade under the ticker symbol “BB” on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”). Intercorporate Relationships The Company has four material subsidiaries, all of which are wholly-owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company in each case as at February 28, 2026. Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization BlackBerry Corporation Delaware, U.S.A. BlackBerry UK Limited England and Wales Secusmart GmbH Duesseldorf, Germany BlackBerry Singapore Pte. Limited Singapore Industry Background QNX At an increasing rate, people and systems are being intelligently connected at the edge. This evolution is driven by the proliferation of Internet‑connected devices, advances in compute power, and increasingly sophisticated software capable of enabling real‑time, contextual decision‑making directly on the device. A wide range of industries are undergoing profound transformation as intelligent edge systems unlock new levels of capability, autonomy, and operational efficiency. The Company believes the benefits of the intelligent edge, such as enhanced security, reduced latency, improved reliability, and greater efficiency, will make it a foundational pillar of the digital ecosystem for years to come. This evolution is further accelerated by increasing connectivity, declining sensor and hardware costs, and continuous innovation in harnessing real‑time edge data. Organizations are increasingly deploying applications that depend on immediate insights to generate dynamic, responsive outputs. They also look to deploy secure, over‑the‑air updates to devices in the field, allowing them to scale, evolve, and adapt to changing customer needs and emerging regulatory requirements. Among intelligent edge architectures, the automotive industry is the clear leader today, driven by the rapid rise of software‑defined vehicles (“SDVs”). As the most complex robots in wide use currently, SDVs illustrate the escalating intelligence, connectivity, and safety expectations placed on edge systems. Advancements such as the shift from microcontrollers to high‑performance microprocessors, the consolidation of distributed ECUs into centralized compute platforms, and the exponential growth of in‑vehicle data have made powerful, safety‑certified foundational software indispensable for OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers seeking to innovate and monetize vehicle capabilities throughout the product lifecycle. Similar requirements are now taking hold across other verticals, including industrial automation, healthcare, robotics, and physical artificial intelligence (“AI”), where organizations increasingly demand SDV‑level capabilities. As these industries adopt more autonomous, data‑driven, and software‑defined operating models, the need for a safe, reliable, high‑performance platform is becoming highly relevant for them as well. 4 The Company believes it is uniquely positioned to lead this cross‑industry shift toward software‑defined edge systems. Its QNX platform, proven over decades in demanding, mission‑critical environments, delivers the reliability, security, safety and real‑time performance these emerging architectures require. With a mature, scalable technology stack designed for mixed‑criticality workloads, the Company offers a strong foundation for customers building the next generation of intelligent, connected edge products across automotive and other rapidly advancing industries. Secure Communications The secure communications industry is a critical component of the broader security software market, encompassing a wide range of solutions designed to safeguard sensitive voice, messaging, and data transmissions from unauthorized interference. The escalating frequency and sophistication of cyberattacks, highlighted by high‑profile incidents such as those attributed to the Salt Typhoon group, continue to expose weaknesses in traditional communication networks and reinforce the demand for hardened, security‑led communication platforms. At the same time, accelerating digital transformation, the rise of mobile and decentralized workforces, and the global expansion of privacy and data protection regulations are driving organizations to reevaluate how and where their sensitive communications are handled. As concerns over data sovereignty intensify, many industries are shifting back toward on‑premise and sovereign‑controlled deployment models to ensure that critical information remains within their jurisdictional and regulatory boundaries. This trend is further increasing the reliance on secure communications solutions that can deliver strong encryption, controlled data residency, and guaranteed operational resilience, without compromising performance or usability. Secure Voice, Messaging and Conferencing Governments, militaries, and enterprises operate in dynamic environments where the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of communications are crucial. Secure voice, messaging, and conferencing systems ensure that sensitive information is transmitted and received without unauthorized interception or access. For governments and militaries, this is vital for national security, operational integrity, and the protection of classified information. For enterprises, secure communications are relied upon to safeguard intellectual property, financial data, and personal information of employees and partners. By implementing secure voice, messaging, and conferencing solutions, these entities can foster trust, ensure compliance with regulatory requirements, and maintain the privacy of their strategic communications. Critical Events Management Critical events management solutions enable organizations to prepare for, respond to, and recover from a wide range of emergencies and crises. These solutions are essential for maintaining operational continuity, ensuring community safety, and minimizing the impact of unexpected events through networked mass communications in real time. In an era of growing concern over severe climate-related events, escalating geopolitical tensions, and supply chain insecurity, governments and other large organizations are investing in solutions to elevate preparedness and heighten proactive engagement. Unified Endpoint Management Unified endpoint management (UEM) solutions have become integral to modern enterprise mobility and security strategies. UEM platforms offer a centralized approach to managing and securing a diverse fleet of devices, applications, and content. They enable organizations to protect data, enforce security policies, and provide secure access to corporate resources from any location. Demand for UEM solutions is driven by the challenges of managing a growing fleet of endpoints while ensuring data security and compliance with regulations. Key trends include the integration of artificial intelligence and machine learning to enhance device management capabilities, the adoption of Bring Your Own Device policies to improve employee productivity, and the shift towards cloud-based UEM solutions for greater scalability and flexibility. Products and Services: Addressing market needs and opportunities The Company has a rich pedigree in innovation and has developed a range of products and services that assist customers in addressing their needs as their industries evolve, which are structured in three divisions: QNX, Secure Communications and Licensing. QNX The QNX division consists of QNX®, BlackBerry Radar® and BlackBerry® Certicom®. With 45 years of embedded software expertise and a rich intellectual property portfolio, QNX is an industry leader whose high-performance foundational software enables major automakers and industrial giants alike to unlock transformative applications, drive new revenue streams and launch innovative business models, all without sacrificing safety, security and reliability. QNX is a trusted supplier of operating systems, hypervisors, middleware and development tools that help reduce hardware 5 dependency while enabling new possibilities in high-performance computing, standards-based virtualization technologies, and cloud enablement. QNX offers a growing portfolio of safety-certified, secure and reliable platform solutions and is focused on achieving design wins with automotive OEMs, Tier 1 vendors and automotive semiconductor suppliers. These solutions include the BlackBerry QNX real-time operating system (RTOS), QNX® Hypervisor for Safety and QNX® Software Development Platform (SDP), as well as other products designed to alleviate the challenges of compliance with ISO 26262, the automotive industry’s functional safety standard. The QNX pre-certified microkernel operating system is specifically tailored for safety-critical embedded systems and toolchains that are pre-qualified for building these systems. The QNX Hypervisor for Safety prevents safety systems from potential impact of malfunction in other systems. These products help to reduce time to market and developer friction. QNX and Vector Informatik GmbH recently introduced Alloy Kore™, a foundational vehicle software platform designed to simplify and accelerate the development of software-defined vehicles. Alloy Kore integrates QNX’s safety-certified RTOS and virtualization capabilities and Vector’s safe middleware modules to deliver a lightweight, scalable foundation for deploying applications across vehicle domains. QNX is also a preferred supplier of embedded systems for companies building medical devices, robotics, physical AI solutions, rail systems, industrial automation solutions, aerospace and defence systems, and other mission-critical applications. QNX solutions offer the performance, determinism, and trust necessary to enable physical AI systems, being autonomous systems that engage with and act in the real world, powering them to run safely, predictably and at scale. QNX collaborates closely with customers to understand their specific requirements and more quickly and effectively develop solutions to meet their evolving needs. Approximately 20% of QNX revenue is derived from non-automotive embedded systems as of Fiscal 2026. BlackBerry Radar is a family of asset monitoring and telematics solutions for the transportation and logistics industry. The BlackBerry Radar solution includes devices and secure cloud-based dashboards for tracking containers, trailers, chassis, flatbeds and heavy machinery, for reporting locations and sensor data, and for enabling custom alerts and fleet management analytics. BlackBerry Certicom leverages patented elliptic curve cryptography to provide device security, anti-counterfeiting and product authentication solutions to deliver end-to-end security with managed public key infrastructure, code signing, and other applied cryptography and key management solutions. The QNX division also provides engineering consulting services, including services to assist OEM customers to bring their products to market on time, as well as services to ensure compliance with relevant functional safety standards. Secure Communications The Secure Communications division consists of BlackBerry SecuSUITE, BlackBerry UEM and BlackBerry AtHoc. BlackBerry SecuSUITE is a certified, multi-OS voice, messaging and file-sharing solution with advanced encryption, anti-eavesdropping and continuous authentication capabilities, providing a maximum level of security on conventional mobile devices for classified and restricted government use. The Company’s endpoint management offerings include BlackBerry® UEM, BlackBerry® Dynamics™, BlackBerry® Workspaces, and BlackBerry Messenger (BBM®) Enterprise. BlackBerry UEM employs a containerized approach to manage and secure devices, third party and custom applications, identity, content and endpoints across all leading operating systems, as well as providing regulatory compliance tools. BlackBerry Dynamics offers a best-in-class development platform and secure container for mobile applications, including the Company’s own enterprise applications such as BlackBerry® Work and BlackBerry® Connect for secure collaboration. BlackBerry Workspaces is a secure Enterprise File Sync and Share (EFSS) solution. BBM Enterprise is an enterprise-grade secure instant messaging solution for messaging, voice and video. BlackBerry AtHoc is a secure, networked crisis communications platform that enables people, devices and organizations to exchange information in real time during business continuity and emergency operations, promoting public safety and protecting critical infrastructure. The platform securely connects with a diverse set of endpoints to distribute mass notifications, improve personnel accountability and facilitate the bidirectional collection and sharing of data within and between organizations. The Secure Communications division also provides enterprise consulting services, including platform-agnostic strategies to address mobility-based challenges, providing expert deployment support, end-to-end delivery (from system design to user training), application consulting, and experienced project management. 6 Licensing The Licensing division is responsible for the management and monetization of the Company’s global patent portfolio. The Company owns rights to an array of patented and patent pending technologies which include, but are not limited to, operating systems, networking infrastructure, acoustics, messaging, enterprise software, automotive subsystems, cybersecurity, cryptography and wireless communications. The portfolio provides a competitive advantage in the Company’s core product areas and generates revenue through patent licensing, sales and enforcement activities. As of February 28, 2026, the Company owned approximately 6,100 worldwide patents and applications. Go to Market The Company generates revenue primarily from the licensing of enterprise software and the sale of associated services, including QNX embedded software platforms, Secure Communications solutions, and technology licensing. The Company’s go‑to‑market strategy supports both perpetual and subscription‑based business models, providing commercial flexibility while supporting recurring and usage‑based revenue streams. The Company focuses on regulated industries with vertical‑specific use cases, including automotive, government, financial services, transportation, and healthcare, as well as adjacent markets requiring high‑performance embedded software platforms, such as robotics, medical devices, and industrial automation (the “General Embedded Market” or “GEM”). QNX The Company licenses QNX and BlackBerry Certicom technology and provides professional engineering services to OEM customers in the automotive and GEM software markets through a direct sales force and channel partners. QNX revenue is generated through perpetual and subscription licenses and royalty‑based models, including royalties on units shipped, as well as development seats, tools, maintenance, and lifecycle services. The Company also markets and sells BlackBerry Radar secure asset monitoring products and services to enterprise customers through its internal sales force and third‑party distribution channels, primarily under subscription‑based arrangements.. Secure Communications The Company licenses its Secure Communications products, including complementary third-party applications, through a geographically-dispersed direct sales force, value-added resellers and alliance partners. The Company continues to build its global partner programs to bolster its direct sales and marketing efforts. Seasonality The Company experiences seasonal patterns in its revenue, primarily due to QNX customers placing a higher percentage of orders in the second half of the fiscal year as compared to the first half of the fiscal year. This gives rise, in turn, to similar seasonality in the Company’s operating margin and operating cash flow, the latter of which is also impacted by variable incentive plan payments in the first half of the fiscal year. Competition and Competitive Strengths The Company is engaged in markets that are highly competitive and rapidly evolving. Frequent new product introductions and changes to endpoints, operating systems, applications, security threats, industry standards and the overall technology landscape result in continuously evolving customer requirements. The Company competes with a broad range of vendors in each of its businesses. See Part 1, Item 1A “Risk Factors - The Company faces intense competition”. Key competitive factors important to the Company across its businesses include product features (including security features), relative price and performance, product quality and reliability, compatibility across ecosystems, service and support, and corporate reputation. The Company’s Secure Communications portfolio is also differentiated by the inclusion of a sophisticated network operations center in its infrastructure. The Company pioneered the use of this architecture to route messages reliably and efficiently to and from mobile devices, and over time has expanded capabilities to enable end-to-end secure communications between endpoints and applications and enterprise networks. QNX Trusted by the world’s leading automakers, QNX technology is embedded in more than 275 million vehicles, a year-over-year increase of 20 million and an increase of 100 million since 2020. QNX continues to win an outsized share of advanced SDV architectures and is now working with over 45 automakers, including the top 10 OEMs and 24 of the top 25 top EV OEMs, and with every major Tier 1 supplier. The QNX strategic roadmap investments are focused on three pillars: (1) innovation at the edge, (2) innovation in safety and security and (3) reduction of developer friction – all underpinned by a cloud-first embedded development strategy. Consistent 7 with this roadmap, the division recently announced new products and progress on key initiatives that it believes will enable it to maintain its strong market position and open up new potential revenue streams. The new Alloy Kore platform, unveiled jointly with Vector at CES 2026, provides a competitive advantage in the development of SDVs, enabling automakers to innovate faster and with greater confidence. An early access release is now available via different distributions from Vector or QNX, giving automakers flexibility in how they adopt and integrate the solution. The division has also launched the QNX® General Embedded Development Platform (GEDP), a modular and scalable foundational software stack designed to accelerate go-to-market for developers of embedded systems in the GEM market, while ensuring they meet the highest standards of functional safety, security, and performance. The QNX division competes principally with other providers of embedded foundational software, including Linux open-source operating systems. Secure Communications BlackBerry UEM includes leading unified endpoint management, secure business productivity, application containerization, secure collaboration and digital rights management capabilities. BlackBerry UEM has earned National Information Assurance Partnership (“NIAP”) certification and is an approved mobile device management solution on the U.S. Department of Defense Information Network’s Approved Product List. In fiscal 2026, BlackBerry UEM also became the first mobile device management platform (“MDM”) to be certified by the German Federal Office for Information Security, BSI, certification program for MDM on Apple Indigo (iOS native devices in government operations) and Samsung Knox devices. With the BlackBerry UEM, the Company competes with other MDM and UEM providers. BlackBerry SecuSUITE technology has been certified to be compliant with the Common Criteria protection profile for VoIP applications and SIP servers. It has also earned NIAP certification and NATO Communications and Information Agency security accreditation, and has been placed on the National Security Agency’s Commercial Solutions for Classified Program component list of products certified for use on classified systems. The BlackBerry AtHoc platform is both mobile and scalable, integrating with legacy systems and supporting on-premise and cloud-based deployments. With available incident management and encrypted end-to-end instant messaging capabilities, the platform offers a suite of secure crisis communication services to meet the growing number of use cases for emergency or mass notifications. BlackBerry AtHoc is currently the only critical events management platform authorized with a FedRAMP High certification and is the leading provider of network-centric, interactive crisis communication to the U.S. Department of Defense and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, among other governmental bodies. BlackBerry AtHoc helps to protect more than 75% of U.S. government personnel. Product Design, Engineering and Research and Development The Company’s research and development (“R&D”) strategy seeks to drive innovation to continuously enhance the Company’s product portfolio and introduce exciting solutions to the market that target customer needs while also remaining highly competitive. The Company makes significant investments to support its offerings and is committed to hiring and retaining top talent. The Company dedicates a major portion of its R&D investments to the development of software products and services for its QNX and Secure Communications divisions. QNX focuses on designing, developing and maintaining safe, secure and high-performance foundational software for embedded systems in markets such as automotive, medical devices, industrial controls, robotics, commercial vehicles, rail, and aerospace and defense. The Secure Communications division is focused on delivering security-first software for governments, regulated industry and critical infrastructure operators where it builds on a foundation of sovereign-grade security that addresses the needs of these customers by protecting data at rest, in transit, and in use, while enabling productivity across these mission-critical environments. The Company is actively using AI to accelerate work in product engineering and other functions where it is safe to do so, but this usage does not redefine accountability or weaken security discipline. The Company aims to use AI to reduce repetitive work and increase consistency, subject to a guiding principle that human judgment and deterministic verification remain central to all AI-supported operations. The Company’s investment in longer term research is, in part, supported by taking advantage of specific government financial assistance programs where available. For additional information, see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Third Party Software Developers The primary development platform for QNX-based systems is the QNX SDP, which includes the QNX Operating System and the QNX Tool Suite featuring the QNX Toolkit for Visual Studio Code and the Momentics® integrated development environment. The QNX SDP is complemented by the QNX Hypervisor, QNX® OS for Safety, QNX Hypervisor for Safety, QNX® Sound, QNX Cabin, and other products in the QNX product portfolio. Through the QNX Everywhere initiative, the 8 Company provides free access to the QNX SPD to students, hobbyists, and prototypers for non-commercial use. More than 12,000 non-commercial licenses have been issued and QNX has signed more than 80 memoranda of understanding with universities across India and North America to integrate QNX tools and technologies into engineering curricula. In this way, the Company aims to equip developers to build QNX-based embedded systems across multiple market segments. The Company offers the BlackBerry Development Platform, an enterprise-grade toolset which enables application developers and ISVs to build secure, powerful and customized solutions for secure communications use cases and to commercialize them on the BlackBerry® Marketplace for Enterprise Software. The platform includes the BlackBerry Dynamics software development kit (“SDK”), which allows developers to integrate BlackBerry security into their enterprise applications, resulting in a managed application where corporate data is isolated and protected at all times, both while at rest and in transit. The platform also includes SDKs for BlackBerry UEM, BlackBerry Workspaces, BlackBerry AtHoc and other products. In addition, the Company maintains the BlackBerry AtHoc Development Partner Program, which invites partners to integrate with the BlackBerry AtHoc service and allows them to create alerts based on more event types or to leverage alerting capabilities based on critical events from within other systems. Intellectual Property The Company protects