ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risk Factors We are subject to certain material risks and uncertainties described below that make an investment in us speculative or risky, in addition to other information provided in this Form 10-K, which you should consider carefully in evaluating our business. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, it may adversely and materially affect our business, results of operation, reputation, prospects, financial condition and operating results, cash flows, profitability, liquidity, stock price, and financial condition. Some of the factors, events, and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events, or uncertainties have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events, or uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. The risks described below are not the only risks that our business faces. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also harm our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face. Business Risks Our business is dependent on key clients. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from a few key clients. Our top three clients accounted for 24% of our revenue, and our top client accounted for approximately 9% of our revenue, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2026. We could be materially impacted by the loss of business with, or the failure to retain a significant amount of business with, any of our key clients. Our profitability largely depends on maintaining efficient asset utilization levels, pricing our solutions appropriately, and managing costs, particularly through our contracts with customers. There can be no assurance that our operation or client contracts will be profitable for us or that we will be able to achieve or maintain any particular level of profitability, including as a result of the following: Asset Utilization Levels The efficiency of how we utilize our assets, particularly our people and facilities, impacts our profitability. Our utilization rates are affected by a number of factors, including our ability to transition employees from completed projects to new assignments, hire and assimilate new employees, forecast demand for our solutions and thereby maintain an appropriate headcount in each of our locations and geographies, manage attrition, accommodate our clients’ requests to shift the mix of delivery locations during the pendency of a contract, and manage resources for training, professional development and other typically non-billable activities. Most of our client contracts do not have minimum volume requirements. Certain contracts have performance-related bonus (penalty) provisions that require the client to pay us a bonus (require us to issue the client a credit) based upon our meeting (failing to meet) agreed-upon service levels and performance metrics. Moreover, although our objective is to sign multi-year agreements, our contracts generally allow the client to terminate the contract for convenience or reduce their use of our solutions. For example, in the past, we have had clients terminate their contract for convenience and /or reduce their use of our services due to reasons out of our control, and there can be no assurance that in the future our clients will not terminate their contracts before their scheduled expiration dates, that the volume of services for these programs will not be reduced, or that we will be able to avoid penalties or earn performance bonuses for our solutions. There have also been certain unprofitable client contracts that we were not able to terminate quickly without incurring penalties, and in the future unprofitable contracts may negatively impact us. 21 Table of Contents Solutions Pricing The pricing that we are able to obtain for our solutions impacts our profitability and is usually included in statements of work entered into with our clients. In certain cases, we have committed to pricing over the period of a contract with limited-to-no sharing of risks regarding inflation and currency exchange rates. In addition, we are obligated under some of our contracts to deliver productivity benefits to our clients, such as reduction in handling time or speed to answer. The prices we are able to charge for our solutions are affected by a number of factors, including our clients’ perceptions of our ability to add value through our solutions, our competitive position, introduction of new services or products by us or our competitors, our ability to accurately estimate, attain and sustain revenues from client engagements, wage inflation rates, unhedged currency exchange rates, our costs, margins and cash flows over increasingly longer contract periods and general economic and political conditions. Controlling Costs Our profitability is impacted by our ability to control our costs and improve our efficiency. The profitability of each client contract or work order may fluctuate, sometimes significantly, throughout various stages of the program. Portions of our business also have long sales cycles and long implementation cycles, which require significant resources and working capital. Many of our client contracts are entered into after long sales cycles, which require a significant investment of capital, resources and time by both our clients and us. Before committing to use our solutions, potential clients require us to expend substantial time and resources educating them as to the value of our solutions and assessing the feasibility of integrating our systems and processes with theirs. As a result, our selling cycle, which may extend up to two years, is subject to many risks and delays over which we have little or no control, including our clients’ decisions to choose alternatives to our solutions (such as other providers or in-house resources) and the timing of our clients’ budget cycles and approval processes. In addition, implementing our solutions involves a significant commitment of resources over an extended period of time from both our clients and us. Our clients may also experience delays in obtaining internal approvals or may face delays associated with technology or system implementations, thereby further delaying the implementation process. We also may not be successful in our attempt to control costs associated with salaries and benefits as we continue to add capacity in locations where we consider wage levels of skilled personnel to be satisfactory. Our business depends on maintaining large numbers of agents to service our clients’ business needs, and we tend not to terminate agents on short notice to respond to temporary declines in demand in excess of agreed levels, as rehiring and retraining agents at a later date would force us to incur additional expenses, and any termination of our employees would also involve significant additional costs in the form of severance payments to comply with labor regulations in the various jurisdictions in which we operate our business. Additionally, the hiring and training of our agents in response to increased demand takes time and results in additional short-term expenses. Wage increases or other expenses related to the termination of our employees may also impact us. If our solutions do not comply with the quality standards required by our clients under our agreements, our clients may assert claims for reduced payments to us or substantial damages against us. Many of our client contracts contain service level and performance requirements, including requirements relating to the quality of our solutions. Failure to meet service requirements or real or perceived errors made by our employees in the course of delivering our solutions could result in a reduction of revenue. In addition, in connection with our service contracts, certain representations are made, including representations relating to the quality and experience of our personnel. A failure or inability to meet these requirements or a breach of such representations could result in a claim for substantial damages against us and seriously damage our reputation and affect our ability to attract new business. 22 Table of Contents The consolidation of our clients or potential clients may adversely affect us. Consolidation of the potential users of our solutions may decrease the number of clients who contract our solutions. Any significant reduction in or elimination of the use of the solutions we provide as a result of consolidation would result in reduced revenue to us and could harm our business. Such consolidation may encourage clients to apply increasing pressure on us to lower the prices we charge for our solutions. Our clients may decide to enter into or further expand insourcing activities in the future. Our current agreements with our clients do not prevent our clients from insourcing services that are currently outsourced to us, and none of our clients have entered into any non-compete agreements with us. Our current clients may seek to insource services similar to those we provide. Any decision by our clients to enter into or further expand insourcing activities in the future could cause us to lose a significant volume of business. Moreover, companies may not continue to leverage outsourcing services at the same volumes and their outsourcing could be reversed by factors beyond our control, including changing economic conditions, negative perceptions attached to outsourcing activities or government regulations against outsourcing activities. Current or prospective clients may elect to perform such services in-house that may be associated with using an offshore provider. Political opposition to outsourcing services and / or outsourcing activities may also arise in certain countries if there is a perception that such actions have a negative effect on domestic employment opportunities. We may be unable to continue to anticipate our clients’ needs by adapting to market and technology trends. Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to anticipate our clients’ needs by adapting to market and technology trends, industry standards and client preferences. We may need to invest significant resources in research and development or incur significant expenses in an effort to invest in our technology, solutions, and communications infrastructure, keep pace with customer preferences, or to gain a competitive advantage through technological expertise or new technologies. The use of technology in our industry has and will continue to expand and change rapidly. However, we may not be able to modify our current solutions or develop, introduce and integrate new solutions or information systems in a timely manner or on a cost-effective basis. There can be no assurance these efforts will be adequate to meet our future needs or to maintain our competitiveness, nor that we will have sufficient capacity or capital to meet these challenges. If we are unable or fail to further refine and enhance our solutions or to anticipate innovation opportunities and keep pace with evolving technologies, including AI, our solutions could become noncompetitive or obsolete and as a result we may be less attractive to existing and new clients, our clients may terminate their relationship with us or choose to divert their business elsewhere, and our revenue and market share may decline as a result. In addition, we may experience technical problems and additional costs as we introduce new solutions, deploy future iterations of our solutions, and integrate new solutions with existing client systems and workflows. In addition, we plan to expand across client industries and enter new industry verticals. If we are unable to successfully adapt our solutions to new industry verticals, our potential growth opportunities could be compromised. We may not be successful in converting visitors to our customer acquisition websites into purchasers or subscribers. The growth of our customer acquisition business through our ibex Digital offerings depends in part upon growth in the number of our customers or subscribers we are able to acquire for our clients. The rate at which we convert consumers into customers or subscribers using our customer acquisition websites is a significant factor in the growth of our customer acquisition business. A number of factors could influence this conversion rate for any given period, some of which are outside of our control. These factors include: • the quality of the consumer experience on our customer acquisition websites and with our delivery center; 23 Table of Contents • the variety and affordability of the products and services that we offer on behalf of our clients and carrier partners; • system failures or interruptions in the operation of our customer acquisition websites; and • changes in the mix of consumers who are referred to us through our direct marketing partners, online advertising subscriber acquisition channels and other marketing channels. Even if the rate at which we convert visitors to customers or subscribers declines, the marketing and lead generation costs that have already been incurred are unlikely to decline correspondingly. Therefore, such a decline in conversion rate of consumers visiting our customer acquisition websites is likely to result in reduced revenue and a further reduced margin. We face substantial competition in our business. The market in which we compete, which is comprised of the customer acquisition, customer engagement and customer experience management market segments, is highly fragmented and continuously evolving. We face competition from a variety of companies, including some of our own clients, which operate in distinct segments of the customer lifecycle journey. These segments are very competitive, and we expect competition to remain intense from a number of sources in the future. We believe that some of the most significant competitive factors in the markets in which we operate are service quality, value-added service offerings, industry experience, advanced technological capabilities, global coverage, reliability, scalability, security and price. The trend toward near- and offshore outsourcing, international expansion by foreign and domestic competitors and continued technological changes may result in new and different competitors entering our markets. These competitors may include entrants from the communications, software and data networking industries or entrants in geographical locations with lower costs than those in which we operate. Some of our existing and future competitors have or will have greater financial, human and other resources, longer operating histories, greater technological expertise and more established relationships in the industries that we currently serve or may serve in the future. In addition, some of our competitors may enter into strategic or commercial relationships among themselves or with larger, more established companies in order to increase their ability to address customer needs and reduce operating costs or enter into similar arrangements with potential clients. Further, trends of consolidation in certain of our industries and among competitors may result in new competitors with greater scale, a broader footprint, better technologies and price efficiencies attractive to our clients. Increased competition, our inability to compete successfully, pricing pressures or loss of market share could result in reduced operating profit margins and diminished financial performance. We may acquire other companies in pursuit of growth, which may divert our management’s attention, result in dilution to our shareholders, be unsuccessful, and consume resources that are necessary to sustain our business. Mergers or acquisitions may disrupt our business, divert our resources and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for the development of our business. Negotiating these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult and expensive, and our ability to complete these transactions may be subject to conditions or approvals that are beyond our control, including anti-takeover and antitrust laws in various jurisdictions. Consequently, these transactions, even if undertaken and announced, may not close or be successful. An acquisition, investment or new business relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, services, products, personnel or operations of acquired companies, particularly if the key personnel of the acquired company choose not to work for us, the acquired company’s technology is not easily compatible with ours or we have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business due to changes in management or otherwise. Moreover, the anticipated benefits of any merger, acquisition, investment or similar partnership may not be realized or we may be exposed to unknown liabilities, including litigation against the companies we may acquire. For one or more of those transactions, we may: • issue additional equity securities that would dilute our shareholders; • use cash that we may need in the future to operate our business; 24 Table of Contents • incur debt on terms unfavorable to us or that we are unable to repay or that may place burdensome restrictions on our operations or cash flows; • incur large charges or substantial liabilities; or • become subject to adverse tax consequences, or substantial depreciation or amortization, deferred compensation or other acquisition related accounting charges. If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary information in the United States and abroad, our competitive position could be impaired, and we may lose valuable assets, experience reduced revenues and incur costly litigation to protect our rights. We believe that our success is dependent, in part, upon protecting our intellectual property and proprietary information. We rely on a combination of intellectual property registrations, trade secrets and contractual restrictions to establish and protect our intellectual property. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may provide only limited protection and may not now or in the future provide us with a competitive advantage. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our technology and use information that we regard as proprietary to create products and services that compete with our solutions. In addition, the laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. No assurance can be given that confidentiality, invention assignment, and related agreements entered into by the Company will be effective in controlling access to and the distribution of our proprietary information. Further, such agreements may not prevent potential competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to ours, in which case we would not be able to assert trade secret rights. We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets. Such litigation could be costly, time consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the eligibility, validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation, could make it more expensive for us to do business and adversely affect our operating results by delaying further sales or the implementation of our technologies, impairing the functionality of our platform and solutions, delaying introductions of new features or applications or injuring our reputation. Financial, Accounting, and Economic Risks If we are unable to fund our working capital requirements and new investments, we could be adversely affected. Our business is characterized by high working capital requirements and the need to make new investments in operating sites and employee resources to meet the requirements of our clients. Similar to our competitors in this industry, we incur significant start-up costs related to investments in infrastructure to provide our solutions and the hiring and training of employees, such expenses historically being incurred before revenues are generated. We are exposed to adverse changes in our clients’ payment policies. If our key clients implement policies which extend the payment terms of our invoices, our working capital levels could be adversely affected, and our financing costs may increase. We would be adversely affected if we are unable to fund our working capital requirements, access financing at competitive rates or make investments to meet the expanding business of our existing and potential new clients. 25 Table of Contents Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to various factors. Our operating results may vary significantly from one quarter to the next and our business may be impacted by factors such as client loss, the timing of new contracts and of new product or service offerings, termination of existing contracts, variations in the volume of business from clients resulting from changes in our clients’ operations, the business decisions of our clients regarding the use of our solutions, start-up costs, delays or difficulties in expanding our operating facilities and infrastructure, delays or difficulties in recruiting, changes to our revenue mix or to our pricing structure or that of our competitors, inaccurate estimates of resources and time required to complete ongoing projects, currency fluctuation and seasonal changes in the operations of our clients. The financial benefit of gaining a new client may not be recognized at the intended time due to delays in the implementation of our solutions or negatively impacted due to an increase in the start-up costs. Based on our experience, the BPO industry experiences increased volumes during the fourth calendar quarter of the year. These seasonal effects also cause differences in revenues and income among the various quarters of any financial year, which means that the individual quarters of a year should not be directly compared with each other or used to predict annual financial results. The sales cycle for our solutions, which may extend up to two years, and the internal budget and approval processes of our prospective clients, make it difficult to predict the timing of new client engagements. General economic uncertainty in global markets and unfavorable global economic conditions including inflation, rising interest rates, recession, and foreign exchange fluctuations, could adversely affect us. Our results of operations may vary based on the impact of changes in the global economy on our clients. Global economic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates, recession, and foreign exchange fluctuations, affect us and / or our clients’ businesses, and the markets in which we and they operate. While it is often difficult to predict the impact of general global economic conditions on our business, unfavorable global economic conditions, such as those that occurred during the global financial crisis and economic downturn in 2008 and more recently, during and immediately after the COVID-19 pandemic (the “Pandemic”), could adversely affect the demand for some of our clients’ products and services and, in turn, could cause a decline in the demand for our solutions. Additionally, several of our clients, particularly in the Telecommunications and Technology verticals, have experienced substantial price competition. As a result, we face increasing price pressure from such clients, which, if continued, could negatively affect our operating and financial performance. Our business and future growth depend largely on continued demand for our solutions from clients based in the United States. We derived 97% of our revenue from customers based in the United States during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2026. In addition, a significant portion of our clients are concentrated in the Retail and E-commerce industry. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2026, 25.7% of our revenue was derived from clients in the Retail & E-commerce vertical, 17.7% of our revenue was derived from clients in the HealthTech vertical, 14.1% of our revenue was derived from clients in the Travel, Transportation & Logistics vertical, 9.2% of our revenue was derived from clients in the Telecommunication vertical, and 33.3% of our revenue was derived from clients in other verticals. For these reasons, among others, the occurrence or persistence of unfavorable economic conditions could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. See also the risk factor entitled “ Fluctuations against the U.S. dollar in the local currencies in the countries in which we operate could have a material effect on our results of operations .” The inability or unwillingness of clients that represent a large portion of our accounts receivable balance to pay such balances in a timely fashion could adversely affect our business. We often carry significant accounts receivable balances from a limited number of clients that generate a large portion of our revenues. A client may become unable or unwilling to pay its balance in a timely fashion due to, for example, a general economic slowdown, economic weakness in its industry, the financial insolvency of its business or a dispute as to the services provided. Our efforts to monitor our accounts receivable balances may not successfully identify or predict a client’s financial inability or unwillingness, for any reason, to pay a large accounts receivable balance, which would adversely impact our financial condition and cash flow and could adversely impact our ability to draw upon our receivables-backed lines of credit. 26 Table of Contents Our existing debt covenants may affect our flexibility in operating, developing and expanding our business. Our main financing arrangements contain certain covenants in respect of a total net leverage ratio and fixed charge coverage ratio, and restrictions on incurring additional debt and liens, making certain restricted payments and investments, engaging in certain transactions with affiliates, and disposal of assets. Complying with these covenants may cause us to take actions that make it more difficult to successfully execute our business strategy and we may face competition from companies not subject to such restrictions. Moreover, our failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default or refusal by our creditors to renew certain of our loans which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects. If our goodwill becomes impaired, we could be required to record a significant charge to earnings. We had goodwill of $11.8 million as of June 30, 2026. We review our goodwill for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill may not be recoverable include declines in stock price, market capitalization or cash flows and slower growth rates in our industry. We could be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill was determined. We did not recognize any impairment of goodwill during the three years ended June 30, 2026. Our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to limitation. As of June 30, 2026, for income tax purposes, we had approximately $16.2 million in estimated U.S. state and international net operating loss carry forwards that will begin to expire in 2026. The timing and manner in which we may utilize net operating losses may be limited by a lack of future taxable income which could adversely affect our ability to utilize our net operating losses before they expire. In general, net operating losses in one country cannot be used to offset income in any other country and net operating losses in one state cannot be used to offset income in any other state. Accordingly, we may be subject to tax in certain jurisdictions even if we have unused net operating losses in other jurisdictions. Furthermore, each jurisdiction in which we operate may have its own limitations on our ability to utilize net operating losses or tax credit carryovers generated in that jurisdiction. These limitations may increase our U.S. state or foreign income tax liability. Operational Risks Our business relies heavily on technology, telephone, and computer systems as well as third-party telecommunications and data services providers, which subjects us to various uncertainties. We rely heavily on sophisticated and specialized communications and computer technology coupled with third-party telecommunications and data services providers to provide high-quality and reliable real-time solutions on behalf of our clients through our delivery centers. We rely on internet connectivity, telephone, call recording, customer relationship management and other systems and technology in our contact center operations. Our operations, therefore, depend on the proper functioning of our equipment and systems, including telephone, hardware and software. Third-party suppliers provide most of our systems, hardware and software, while our development teams build some in-house. We also rely on the telecommunications and data services provided by local communication companies in the countries in which we operate as well as domestic and international long distance service providers. In addition, in some areas of our business, we depend upon the quality and reliability of the services and products of our clients which we help sell to their end customers. We have, in the past, experienced short-term electricity outages in our near-shore regions due to weather events. Although we maintain sufficient capacity in our operations infrastructure to meet the needs of all of clients, as well as our own needs, and to ensure that our solutions are accessible, including backup and redundancy mechanisms, and business continuity and disaster recovery plans, disruptions could result from, among other things, technical breakdowns, computer viruses, weather events, global conflicts, and performance or failure by our third-party telecommunications or data services providers. If the solutions we provide to our clients experience technical difficulties or quality issues, if key technology systems and facilities are damaged or 27 Table of Contents compromised, or there are any disruptions in the delivery of our services, we may have a harder time selling services and products to end customers and may be required to make unexpected investments in new systems or technology or require us to find alternatives. Prolonged disruption of our solutions, even if due to events beyond our control, could also entitle our clients to terminate their contracts with us, result in other brand and reputational damages and adversely affect our business, financial results, operations or prospects. The integration of AI and generative AI technology into our offerings, including our use of third-party providers, could result in operational, legal, regulatory, and reputational harm. We are increasingly integrating AI into our solutions, including the use of third-party provider offerings, to better position ourselves to offer our clients the most robust set of solutions, while also implementing appropriate governance and controls for its use. AI is rapidly evolving and is likely to be an essential part of our future service offerings. The development, adoption, and use of generative AI technologies remain at an early stage, and inadequate AI development or deployment practices by us or our third-party developers or vendors could lead to unintended consequences. We have developed internal governance frameworks to assess and monitor our use of AI and the risks associated with its implementation, including review of third-party AI systems. While AI offers significant benefits, it also presents risks and challenges to our business. Certain third-party AI solutions have the potential to automate or reduce demand for some of our more standardized or lower-complexity service offerings. At the same time, AI solutions are evolving and are not infallible, and issues with data sourcing, technology integration, bias in data models, or decision-making algorithms, flawed or inaccurate outputs, security challenges, intellectual property, and the protection of personal information and privacy could impair our successful and effective adoption of this technology. Additionally, any latency, disruption, or failure in these AI systems or infrastructure could cause delays or errors in our offerings. The legal and regulatory landscape governing AI is also evolving and may impose additional compliance obligations, increase our costs, delay or restrict deployment, or expose us to regulatory or contractual liability. We are also dependent, in part, on third-party provider offerings and their ability to effectively and quickly integrate AI into our solutions. We may not have full control over the quality and performance of third-party providers, and therefore, any unexpected deficiencies or problems arising from these third-party providers may cause significant interruptions in the operation of our business. If our AI solutions or those of our third-party providers are deployed before they have been adequately tested, validated, and governed, or if outputs from these AI solutions are deemed by clients to be questionable, inaccurate, or otherwise unacceptable, our brand and reputation may be harmed and our results of operations may be impacted. On the other hand, if we are too slow to market and are unable to timely and effectively integrate and deploy AI in our offerings, we could fall behind our competitors and our results of operations and future prospects may also be impacted. Developing, testing, deploying and governing resource-intensive AI systems may require additional investments and increase our costs. Our business is heavily dependent upon our international operations, particularly in the Philippines, Jamaica, Pakistan and Nicaragua and any disruption to those operations would adversely affect us. Our international operations, particularly in the Philippines, Jamaica, Pakistan and Nicaragua, and our ability to maintain our offshore facilities in those jurisdictions is an essential component of our business model, as the labor costs in certain of those jurisdictions are substantially lower than the cost of comparable labor in the United States and other developed countries, which allows us to competitively price our solutions. Our competitive advantage will be greatly diminished and may disappear altogether as a result of a number of factors, including the failure of power grids in certain of the countries in which we operate, which are subject to frequent outages, and those listed in the risk factors entitled: • “Natural events, health epidemics, geopolitical conditions, including developing or ongoing conflicts, widespread civil unrest, terrorist attacks and other acts of violence involving any of the countries in which we or our clients have operations could adversely affect our operations and client confidence.” ; • “Fluctuations against the U.S. dollar in the local currencies in the countries in which we operate could have a material effect on our results of operations.”; • “Our global operations expose us to numerous legal and regulatory requirements.”; and • “We rely on the attraction, retention, and motivation of qualified senior management, employees, and agents to support our success and operations.” 28 Table of Contents We rely on the attraction, retention, and motivation of qualified senior management, employees, and agents to support our success and operations. Our business depends to a significant extent on our ability to attract, hire, train and retain our senior management, large numbers of trained agents and other employees, such as technologists, and other key personnel who enable us to keep pace with growing demands for outsourcing, evolving industry standards, new technology applications and changing client preferences. If we fail to maintain good relations with our employees, we could suffer a strike or other significant work stoppage or other form of industrial action, which could harm us. We may not be able to retain our key personnel or recruit skilled personnel with appropriate qualifications and experience, or to attract, train, and integrate personnel with necessary experience and skills. The outsourcing industry experiences high employee turnover. We operate globally and are subject to varied and changing employment and immigration laws. In each of the industries in which we participate, there is competition for experienced senior management and personnel with industry-specific expertise. We could be negatively impacted if there is increased competition for these employees, particularly in tight labor markets, if there are impactful changes in employment, immigration, or other applicable laws, or if we lose key members of our personnel, particularly to competitors. Additionally, a significant increase in the turnover rate among trained employees could increase our costs and decrease our operating profit margins. We may also need to increase employee compensation more than in previous periods to remain competitive in attracting the quantity and quality of employees that our business requires. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2026, payroll and related costs and stock-based compensation expense across the total company, including for cost of services and selling, general and administrative expenses accounted for $420 million, or 65%, of our revenue. Employee benefits expenses in each of the countries in which we operate are a function of the country’s economic growth, level of employment and overall competition for qualified employees in the country. In most of the geographies in which we operate, we have experienced increasing labor costs due to increased demand and greater competition for qualified employees. Natural events, health epidemics, geopolitical conditions, including developing or ongoing conflicts, widespread civil unrest, terrorist attacks and other acts of violence involving any of the countries in which we or our clients have operations could adversely affect our operations and client confidence. Natural events (such as floods, hurricanes and earthquakes), health epidemics (including the Pandemic), geopolitical conditions, including developing or ongoing conflicts, widespread civil unrest, terrorist attacks and other acts of violence could result in significant worker absenteeism, increased attrition rates, lower asset utilization rates, voluntary or mandatory closure of our facilities, our inability to meet dynamic employee health and safety requirements, our inability to meet contractual service levels for our clients, our inability to procure essential supplies, travel restrictions on our employees, and other disruptions to our business. For example, a substantial portion of our operations are conducted in the Philippines, Jamaica, Pakistan, and Nicaragua, which have experienced and may continue to face political instability and unrest, natural disasters, acts of terrorism, crime, or similar risks. In addition, these events could adversely affect global economies, financial markets and our clients’ levels of business activity. Any of these events, their consequences or the costs related to mitigation or remediation could impact us. Insurance may not be sufficient to guarantee costs of repairing the damage caused by such disruptive events and such events may not be covered under our insurance policies. Fluctuations against the U.S. dollar in the local currencies in the countries in which we operate could have a material effect on our results of operations. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2026, 3% of our revenue was generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. A portion of our costs and expenses that were incurred outside of the United States were paid in foreign currencies, mostly the local currencies of the Philippines, Jamaica, and Pakistan. During the year ended June 30, 2026, out of our total payroll and related costs, 30.9% were incurred in the Philippines Peso, 8.9% were incurred in the Jamaican Dollar and 11.6% were incurred in the