ITEM 1. BUSINESS Company Overview ibex delivers end-to-end customer engagement, innovative business process outsourcing (“BPO”), smart digital marketing, online acquisition technology, and Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) solutions to help companies acquire, engage, and retain valuable customers. We combine our strong heritage of delivering leading customer experience (“CX”), services and solutions that span omnichannels to help our clients measure customer sentiment and deliver a superior experiences to their end-customers. Leveraging our proprietary technology platform, company culture and operational excellence, ibex helps approximately 140 clients create innovative and differentiated customer experiences to help increase loyalty, enhance brand awareness and drive revenue in an era of rapid change and digital transformation. Our Service Offerings The Company is an end-to-end provider of technology-enabled customer lifecycle experience (“CLX”) solutions. Through the Company’s integrated CLX platform, a comprehensive portfolio of solutions is offered to optimize customer acquisition, engagement, expansion and experience for clients. The Company leverages sophisticated technology and proprietary analytics, in combination with its global footprint and BPO expertise, to protect and enhance clients’ brands. The Company’s Connect business lies at the core of our offerings and generates the majority of the Company’s revenue. This business unit delivers differentiated customer service (assisting our clients’ customers with information about our clients and their products or services), technical support (providing specialized teams to provide information, assistance and technical guidance to our clients’ customers on a specific product or service), revenue generation (upselling and cross selling) and other value-added outsourced back office services (finance and accounting, marketing support, sales operations, and human resources administration) to our clients. We deploy these capabilities through a true omni-channel CX model, which integrates voice, email, chat, SMS, social media and other communication applications. We continue to differentiate ourselves in the emerging AI-led customer service space through ibex’s Wave iX platform and AI-enabled solution offerings. ibex Wave iX is our managed AI-powered customer experience solution set designed to help clients integrate, deploy and manage CX-optimized AI capabilities at scale. Wave iX combines advanced AI technology (leveraging both third party and in-house technologies), expert human oversight and analytics to drive measurable resolution, efficiency and customer experience outcomes. Its capabilities include AI Virtual Agent solutions that automate straightforward customer inquiries while enabling human agents to focus on more complex interactions; real-time language translation functionality across channels, including voice, chat and SMS; and solutions that identify customers, understand intent and route them to the right human or AI resource with relevant context. Through Wave iX, we help clients modernize customer engagement, reduce friction, improve speed to resolution and deliver more intelligent, scalable and cost-effective service experiences. In addition, our ibex Digital suite of solutions works with consumer-facing businesses to help them build, grow and scale technology-driven customer acquisition solutions, while helping drive digital transformation. We offer digital marketing, e-commerce technology, and platform solutions for our clients, helping them build new customer acquisition channels, increase acquired customers, and often do both at a reduced cost. 7 Table of Contents Our Culture ibex is built around an agent-first culture, developed and delivered through a combination of branded sites, technology-enabled recruiting and hiring, geographically and culturally specific benefits, and world-class employee engagement. ibex offers a unique employee experience that includes a full range of activities and events for employees year-round, including annual employee VIP events, Customer Service Week and ongoing employee wellness programs. This culture resonates with our employees across the globe, where we score an Employee Net Promoter Score (“eNPS”) of 82, and externally, where we have been recognized as: • 2026 Forbes America’s Best Large Employers • 2026 Newsweek America’s Most Admired Workplaces • 2026 Forbes America’s Dream Employers • 2026 Newsweek America’s Greatest Workplaces for Culture, Belonging & Community • 2026 Product of The Year – Customer Magazine • 2026 AI Excellence Award – Business Intelligence Group • 2026 Globee Artificial Intelligence Award • 2026 Globee Excellence Award • 2026 Stevie Award for Achievement in Customer Experience • 2026 Titan Business Excellence Awards Gold Winner • 2025 Customer Experience Innovation Award – Customer Magazine • 2025 ACES Awards Asia’s Most Influential Companies • 2025 Great Place to Work - Top 10 Best Places to Work for Service Professionals in the Caribbean and Central America Our Technology The foundation for ibex service offerings is our Wave iX technology platform, the current evolution of our prior WaveX technology platform. Wave iX is a differentiated suite of digital and technology solutions designed to power enhanced agent interactions, exceptional client CX, and overall better performance. We have created a three-pronged AI strategy, which continues to keep ibex at the forefront of digital transformation. Our solutions are focused on increasing agent productivity, providing deeper customer insights to elevate the customer experience and putting AI in front of the customer journey with voice and chat bots. Our technology helps clients drive insights and manage interactions across their entire customer journey. We believe this capability allows us to provide innovative, automated and customizable solutions to our clients more efficiently versus a pure labor arbitrage-based delivery model. Our Business Insights ibex has invested significant resources into building and implementing proprietary technology, focusing on software deployed across the full customer lifecycle journey. Wave iX seamlessly integrates innovative AI-powered solutions with ibex’s cutting edge CX platform to facilitate advanced, hyper-personalized, intelligent interactions 24/7, and automate and customize solutions for our clients more efficiently than labor arbitrage alone, which helps cultivate stronger, more profitable customer relationships. ibex’s Wave iX technology helps improve customer interactions, business analytics and insights, contact center performance and client outcomes. These solutions have been deployed across the majority of our client portfolio, where we deliver AI-enhanced solutions and process improvements across recruiting, hiring, training, management, and customer experience. 8 Table of Contents Our Flexible Operating Delivery Model Our global delivery model is built on onshore (continental United States), offshore (Philippines, Pakistan and India), and nearshore (Jamaica, Nicaragua and Honduras) customer experience delivery centers, and includes a unique ability to support work-at-home capabilities in any region with internet access. We operate in the following geographies for our service offerings: Customer Engagement We operate 30 delivery centers located in the United States, Philippines, Jamaica, Nicaragua, Pakistan and Honduras. As of June 30, 2026, we have approximately 35,000 employees across these centers. Customer Acquisition We operate three acquisition-focused Centers of Excellence, based in Jamaica, Nicaragua, and Pakistan, which are focused on customer acquisition on behalf of our clients. As of June 30, 2026, there were approximately 300 employees dedicated to customer acquisition. As of June 30, 2026, 97% of our total on-site capacity resides in our offshore and nearshore geographies, which are ideally placed for clients who are either digital-first or are digitally transforming their business. Our Strategic Approach We place a high priority on delivering great customer experiences across the customer lifecycle and focus on clients who view CX as a competitive differentiator. We have transformed our business from a traditional BPO of commoditized call center support to a technology-led provider and partner of choice, and today view ourselves at the forefront of delivering AI-powered CX across the customer journey to and for our clients, further setting the company apart from legacy BPOs. Companies are looking for enhanced solutions beyond pure labor arbitrage. They require partners that can enhance their brand and customer loyalty. Key attributes include tech-led solutions, a highly connected culture, superior levels of employee engagement, elevated branding, and a fast and effective path to operational proficiency. Our approach focuses on high growth clients that are experiencing increased demand for their products and services. In addition, we serve companies that are transforming their CX to a digital-first model. These target clients are looking for partners that can deliver a digital-first experience to their customers, while enhancing their brand and customer loyalty at scale. Historically, we called this BPO 2.0, an area in which ibex delivered industry-leading results across these differentiated solutions. Today, we are further defining the new BPO 3.0, which includes AI-powered solutions across the customer journey designed to leverage best in class business insights with the adoption and utilization of customer-facing AI solutions to seamlessly connect AI agents and traditional human support, at scale, for our clients. Our growth strategy is predicated on four growth pillars: 1. the ability to harness innovative technology that creates increased efficiencies for our business and our clients’ business; 2. our strong track record of delivering best-in-class operations ; 3. a high-performing company culture that breeds expertise and real-world knowledge amongst a very talented employee base; and 4. a client-devoted mentality that breeds loyalty and long-term relationships. This loyalty is evidenced by the extended relationships we have with our customers. Together, they serve as the catalyst for delivering business solutions that help our clients as they tackle their toughest business challenges, while providing differentiated and real-time experiences for their end-customers. Our growth model is designed to deploy a “land and expand” approach where we win a client, outperform and subsequently enhance the partnership scope with these clients. Typically, we will launch in one center with one service, such as customer engagement. Our goal is then to “expand” with additional services or new geographies where we operate for our clients, or often both. 9 Table of Contents The breadth of our capabilities, our ability to deliver a superior experience to our clients and our global delivery capabilities have allowed us to successfully land new clients and then expand our wallet share with them over time. Our Clients We seek to partner with growing companies with emerging brands to help drive their customer engagement in ways that can revolutionize the way consumers connect and invest in their brands of choice harnessing the power of technology. These brands span across verticals such as Retail & E-commerce, HealthTech, Telecommunication, FinTech, Travel, Transportation & Logistics, and Technology. We also serve large Fortune 500 companies with very established brands. Our clients fit primarily within two categories: Digital-First Companies. The first category of our clients is digitally driven “disruptors.” We refer to these clients as the “digital-first” companies. They tend to be faster-growing brands in high-growth industries, such as (but not limited to) technology, e-commerce and consumer services. Our service offering to our digital-first clients is designed to meet the needs for digital-first verticals and high-growth requirements, with a focus on launch, speed-to-performance, and scale. While many of these digital-first clients are smaller, fast-growing companies, there are several Fortune 500 companies within this group, such as Amazon and one of the leading ride-sharing companies in the United States. The success of our digital-first initiative with high-growth technology, e-commerce and consumer services clients is a key driver in the increase of our revenue from non-voice channels, and, as a result, has a positive effect on our profitability with their growth trajectory and greater propensity for these clients to leverage digital forms of service delivery. Blue Chip Companies. The second category is made up of mostly Fortune 500 brands, across a broad range of industries, such as telecommunications, cable, financial services, and healthcare, which have large customer bases and rely on outsourced providers to maximize customer retention and improve customer expansion. We refer to these clients as “blue chip” companies. Increasingly, clients in this category look to us as a nimble provider offering differentiated services as they face challenges in the wake of digital disruption. We apply our execution expertise and end-to-end CX technology suite to help enable these clients adapt in a changing environment that requires a different type of customer experience for digital-native consumers. Within these two categories of companies, our core focus is on winning and growing partnerships with those clients we refer to as BPO 3.0 clients – those companies focused on providing amazing experiences to their customers, while enhancing their brand and customer loyalty, at scale, focusing on digital-first and integrated omni-channel delivery, and seeking to do so leveraging seamlessly to connect AI agents with best-in-class human support. Our success leveraging and embedding our Wave iX technology and analytics insight platform suite across client engagements enhances and strengthens the nature of our client relationships. This is evidenced both by our high client retention rates, as well as our most recent client Net Promoter Score (“NPS”) of 71. Our contracts with clients generally take the form of a master services agreement, which is a framework agreement that is then supplemented by one or more statements of work. Our master services agreements specify the general terms applicable to the services we provide. Our statements of work specify the specific services to be provided and associated performance metrics and pricing. Industry Overview and Trends Historically, the industry was premised on labor arbitrage and cost. Offshoring of work to geographies like India and the Philippines was driven primarily by the cost advantages those markets provided. Today, our business is experiencing significant growth with clients that require best-in-class performance and differentiated value propositions. Several trends are driving transformation in the outsourced customer interactions market. The BPO industry is undergoing a paradigm shift with Blue Chip clients pivoting toward technology-enabled marketplaces supporting an increasingly digitally native consumer base. These clients are consciously evaluating potential areas where AI-enabled technologies could be utilized in the future. This represents a key area for ibex to continue to capture market share. 10 Table of Contents These Blue Chip companies are reacting to this shifting landscape with a relentless focus on CX. They view their customer contact center providers as essential partners and an extension of their brand rather than a cost center to manage customer interaction. As a result, they are often moving away from their incumbent legacy providers and moving to service providers that can deliver better and differentiated customer support, leveraging emerging technologies. They are not just looking for labor to manage contacts, but rather they are looking for great customer experiences. In addition to clients in mature industries, emerging industries in the technology and consumer services sectors are changing the mix of solutions, channels and delivery locations. We believe that market participants that offer a flexible, technology-oriented, and integrated solution will be best positioned to address the following key industry trends: 1. A Prioritization of CX – As brands recognize that digital feedback mechanisms, such as social media, can rapidly impact brand perception in a positive or negative manner, the importance of delivering an exceptional customer experience has become a top priority for companies. 2. Consumer Centricity & Customer Lifetime Value (“LTV”) – Customer expectations and behaviors are changing dramatically. Enabled by immediate feedback channels, consumers expect that enterprises will meet their needs and preferences instantaneously in return for brand loyalty and greater share of customer spend. Accordingly, enterprises and brands are more focused on understanding their consumers’ needs and developing business models that hinge on maximizing customer lifetime value. In turn, they are demanding outsourced customer engagement partners that can deliver customer-centric solutions in an omni-channel manner that maximizes customer retention. 3. Outsourcing Across the Operational Value Chain – Enterprises are more frequently relying on outsourced providers to address their needs across the entire customer lifecycle. Many companies are increasingly relying on the expertise of external providers to deliver cost savings, ensure compliance, drive performance enhancements, and offer technology suites that serve to improve overall CX while allowing the brand to focus on their core products and competencies. Mature companies seek to digitally transform their current operations to meet the demands of the digital economy and diversify their capabilities. Companies in emerging sectors outsource due to their limited experience and/or resources to manage increasing volumes of customer interactions, and in order to drive new customer demand, scale operations, optimize costs, protect their brand investment, and accelerate profitability. 4. AI to Enhance Service Delivery − With the increasing applicability of AI in enhancing business processes, the customer care industry is increasingly evaluating and integrating AI into its range of solutions to improve the customer experience and improve efficiencies. The proliferation and evolution of generative AI has had many impacts on the CX sector. Potential automation in backend and middle-office business processes, as well as potential increased use of AI agents and bots to respond to pre-defined queries, has begun to impact assisted customer interactions. Additionally, productivity, data availability and quality due to generative AI could result in an increased volume of analytical work, as agents may be up-skilled to deploy improved analytical capabilities. The adoption of generative AI also presents key challenges in the forms of data security, governance, implementation and coordination of an overall customer service solution. These challenges create opportunities for trusted CX partners. 5. Seeking Integrated End-to-End Partners – We believe clients are increasingly looking to utilize outsourcing partners who can provide unified solutions for a variety of touchpoints along the customer interaction value chain, from digital marketing to customer sales and support to CX and surveys. We believe providers with integrated offerings will command a larger share of wallet from their clients, drive a great degree of insight and performance; this ultimately drives a longer term, mutually beneficial partnership. 6. Bestshore Flexible Delivery Model – Clients are increasingly choosing providers based on their ability to provide a flexible, turnkey delivery model that can offer a mix of onshore, offshore, nearshore and remote working capabilities. However, in today’s industry, we believe clients are looking for the best provider in the specific market that they are considering, as opposed to finding one provider across all geographies. With recent global events, clients have indicated a growing emphasis on the ability of service providers to shift their delivery rapidly between various location models. 11 Table of Contents 7. Data Protection & Security − With the rise of the digital economy has come a rise in both the concern toward, and vulnerability of, consumer data. Both mature and digital-first brands are placing a higher degree of focus on the technology that underpins the data security and fraud systems deployed by their partners; having an advanced and secure system architecture along with data center redundancy and advanced security technologies remain important, as a significant security breach can result in a devastating impact to a client’s brand and a consumer’s loyalty. 8. Data and Analytics − Companies are increasingly demanding that their providers of customer interaction solutions integrate data analysis and insight into their core service offerings, to drive continuous performance and superior outcomes. These business intelligence tools can yield actionable insights across every customer touchpoint, which in turn enable clients to address customer issues in real time. We expect that investments in automation, digitization and machine learning will become key drivers in the industry as clients seek to adopt more technology-rich ways of servicing their customers. 9. Integrated Technology Solutions for Mature Sectors – Fortune 500 companies that historically utilized traditional live-agent, voice-based services are now integrating new technology-enabled solutions that include multi-channel delivery, self-serve options and automation. Such solutions allow them to achieve greater operational flexibility and innovate their service offerings. 10. Solutions Catered to High-Growth Sectors – The challenges that digital-first “disruptors” face consist of managing high growth within their customer base, while simultaneously maintaining a high-quality customer experience. In contrast to mature business models, digital-first companies have generally not focused on developing large-scale in-house customer operations; therefore, they rely on external partners that can deliver customer service, engagement and support while maintaining the quality of their brands. Most of these companies source their customer interaction needs from lower-cost locations outside of their home markets. Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing teams work closely together to drive awareness and adoption of our technology-enabled CLX platform, accelerate customer acquisition and expand the relationship with our existing customers. We focus on developing long-term relationships with large strategic clients that have needs across the entire customer lifecycle and employ a “land and expand” strategy to grow these relationships. Under this strategy, we seek to build the client’s trust through flawless execution on the initial assignment (which is typically for a single solution or geography) and then expand the scope of our engagement with the client into multiple geographies and business lines, which allows us to offer additional CLX solutions. In this manner, the “land and expand” strategy provides opportunities for us to substantially increase our revenues within our existing client base over time. Our sales and marketing activities are focused on our largest target verticals, including: Retail & E-commerce, HealthTech, Telecommunication, FinTech, Travel, Transportation & Logistics, and Technology. We believe our vertical market focus allows us to provide deep domain expertise and positions us as the best partner to help solve our clients’ unique needs. An essential part of our sales strategy is to focus on ways we can innovate on behalf of our clients, which includes digitization strategies and usage of data, technology, analytics and insights. We believe we are well positioned with the top brands in each of the industry verticals in which we operate and can leverage domain knowledge and strong client references to generate business with other companies in the same industry vertical. Our sales and marketing teams are leading the charge with the following initiatives. New Logos. Our new logo organization is made up of teams focused on our key market verticals. Each team is focused solely on penetrating and closing business with the top 40 companies in each of our target verticals. In addition, they will often partner with our client services executives who have an intimate understanding of our existing client’s business and needs, to actively identify and target additional cross-sell opportunities across the entire customer lifecycle. Digital-First. The digital-first team is focused on penetrating a broader reach of unicorn and potential unicorn clients in the emerging technology and consumer services sector. Through our digital-first offering, we combine customer engagement and customer acquisition into an integrated solution set that is focused on the high-growth technology, e-commerce and consumer services markets for digital-first clients. 12 Table of Contents The sales process for a new client can be short or lengthy depending on the client. Generally, the sales process for our digital-first target clients is 30 to 60 days, while selling to larger blue-chip clients can extend up to two years. Client Services. Our client services team is dedicated to maintaining and expanding our relationships with our existing clients. A majority of the senior leadership of the client services team is located in the United States and is supported by local team members located closer to the actual service delivery, sometimes in other countries / regions. The members of our client services team typically have deep operation