Item 1. Business. Rezolute, Inc. (“Rezolute”, the “Company”, “we” or “us”) is a late-stage rare disease company focused on developing therapies that treat refractory and debilitating hypoglycemia associated with various forms of hyperinsulinism (“HI”). Summary of Clinical Assets Ersodetug Our lead clinical asset, ersodetug, is a potential treatment for refractory hypoglycemia caused by multiple forms of hyperinsulinism. Ersodetug is an intravenously administered human monoclonal antibody that binds to a unique site (allosteric) on the insulin receptor in insulin target tissues, such as in the liver, fat, and muscle. The antibody down modulates insulin receptor activity, thereby helping to restore glucose to a more normalized range in conditions associated with elevated insulin or insulin-like substances (e.g. IGF-2 variants). Ersodetug shows dose dependent pharmacokinetics with a half-life greater than 2 weeks, which has the potential for monthly dosing. Therefore, we believe that ersodetug is ideally suited as a potential therapy for conditions characterized by HI, and it is being developed to treat any form of HI. As ersodetug acts downstream from the cause of disease and source of HI (insulin or IGF-2 production), it has the potential to be universally effective at treating hypoglycemia related to HI, whether genetic or acquired. Ersodetug for Congenital HI sunRIZE Phase 3 Study On December 11, 2025, we announced that the sunRIZE study did not meet its primary endpoint (hypoglycemia events by finger stick self-monitored blood glucose “SMBG”) or its key secondary endpoint (time in hypoglycemia by continuous glucose monitoring “CGM”) at the defined Week 24 evaluable window. Although statistical significance for the secondary endpoint was not achieved at the Week 24/End of Treatment evaluation window, larger and often nominally statistically significant reductions in hypoglycemia compared to placebo were consistently observed throughout the maintenance dosing phase of the study, across time and numerous pre-specified and post-hoc CGM-based endpoints. While we believe the pronounced placebo/study effect confounded the results, with a particular impact on the primary endpoint of hypoglycemia events by SMBG due to measurement bias associated with infrequent measurement, the totality of the data further supports previous clinical evidence that ersodetug is active against hypoglycemia in patients. Specifically, there was evidence of pharmacologic activity, as target therapeutic drug concentrations were achieved in both treatment groups (5 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg) with highly sensitive biomarker responses (increases in circulating insulin) in the active treatment groups that are directly indicative of reduced insulin activity at its receptor, which biologically implies reduced cellular glucose transport and an increase in blood glucose. sunRIZE topline data as well as pre-specified and post-hoc data updates were shared by oral presentation at the Pediatric Endocrine Society Annual Meeting held on May 1, 2026, including CGM-based outcomes that demonstrated significant and consistent improvements in glycemic control in ersodetug treatment arms compared to placebo across multiple pre-specified and post-hoc endpoints. Summary of Key Additional Data Presented ● Average daily percent time in hypoglycemia by CGM: clinically relevant and nominally statistically significant reductions of >50% (Full Analysis Set [“FAS”]) and ~60-80% (Per Protocol Set [“PPS”]), compared to placebo across multiple timepoints -1- - 
 Table of Contents ● Average weekly hypoglycemia events by CGM: clinically relevant and nominally statistically significant reductions of ~50-65% (FAS) and ~50-80% (PPS), compared to placebo across multiple timepoints ● Average daily AUC 70 to 180 mg/dL (Exposure to Normoglycemia) by CGM: clinically relevant and nominally statistically significant increases of ~25-50% (FAS and PPS), compared to placebo across multiple timepoints ● Average blood glucose (mg/dL) by CGM: clinically relevant and nominally statistically significant increases of ~10-15% (~10-15 mg/dL) in both the FAS and PPS, compared to placebo across multiple timepoints We met with the FDA on March 17, 2026, under our Breakthrough Therapy Designation to discuss next steps for this indication. During the meeting, we presented summary results from sunRIZE including: (i) information to support our belief that the primary endpoint was confounded as a result of behavioral factors; (ii) evidence of pharmacologic activity; (iii) consistent improvements compared to placebo in time in hypoglycemia and a variety of other CGM-based glycemic endpoints, as discussed above; and (iv) preliminary favorable observations from the ongoing open-label extension (“OLE”). Based on our analyses, observations from sunRIZE inform our belief that the pharmacologic response demonstrates therapeutic activity, which may have been obscured by the unblinded nature of the SMBG endpoint which is necessary for patient standard of care monitoring, along with perceptions of treatment assignment. The magnitude of the placebo response observed for hypoglycemia events by SMBG was unexpected and reveals a significant challenge in studying glucose in an ambulatory setting, where real-time glycemic monitoring and corresponding lifestyle changes can independently influence outcomes, particularly when the patient-monitored glucose is simultaneously the safety lifeline for patient and families. During the meeting, FDA acknowledged the challenges posed by the potential impact of varied behavioral factors on clinical trials in this heterogeneous patient population, including the associated limitations of SMBG based metrics in measuring hypoglycemia in congenital HI. While acknowledging these challenges, the Agency reiterated the expectation for adequate and well-controlled studies and outcomes as the standard for evaluating substantial evidence of efficacy criteria as the basis for approving new therapies. As a next step for the program, FDA encouraged us to submit comprehensive analysis datasets and summary outcomes for the Agency’s independent evaluation. Following that review, we believe that a determination may be made whether there is sufficient evidence to support the submission of a marketing application for sunRIZE or if additional information and/or clinical studies are required, which could have an impact on our operating plans and cash resources as described in more detail in Item 1A of this Annual Report. In September 2026, the Agency informed us that it is still reviewing the submission for purposes of evaluating a potential regulatory path forward for ersodetug in congenital HI. Given that FDA’s review is being conducted outside of the customary formal meeting process, there is no specific timeline regarding when feedback will be received or alignment on potential next steps will be reached. We will continue to await feedback and reserve the ability to request a formal meeting under a regulatory timeline, as needed. All 59 participants who completed the study elected to continue to receive ersodetug in the OLE. To date, 56 participants remain in the OLE, with an exposure duration ranging from ~9 months for the most recently entered patients, to more than 24 months. Preliminary OLE observations demonstrate continued glycemic benefit, including a clinically significant change in glycemic control in the rolled-over placebo participants compared to the controlled period of the study. These glycemic benefits have enabled a concurrent significant overall reduction in background SOC therapies (e.g., diazoxide, somatostatin analogs, and/or regular tube feeds), with a significant number of patients now receiving ersodetug as monotherapy, which we believe is a potential indicator of ersodetug’s underlying efficacy. The OLE phase of sunRIZE remains ongoing at the present time, but we are evaluating the appropriate timing to conclude the sunRIZE study OLE and move patients into its EAP, depending in part on outcomes from pending FDA interactions Congenital HI is the most common cause of recurrent and persistent hypoglycemia in children. Individuals with congenital HI typically present with signs or symptoms of hypoglycemia shortly after birth. Hypoglycemia can result in significant brain injury and death if not recognized and managed appropriately. Additionally, recurrent, or cumulative, hypoglycemia can lead to progressive and irreversible damage over time, including serious and devastating brain injury, -2- - 
 Table of Contents seizures, neuro-developmental problems, feeding difficulties and significant impact on patient and family quality of life. In cases where individuals have diffuse disease, a near-total pancreatectomy (“NTP”) may be undertaken, although ongoing medical treatment of hypoglycemia is generally required for several years after surgery, before eventual insulin-dependent diabetes ensues. There are no FDA approved therapies for all forms of congenital HI, and the current standard of care treatments are suboptimal. The treatments used by physicians today include glucagon, diazoxide, somatostatin analogues and pancreatectomy. We estimate that in the U.S. alone, the initial addressable pediatric market for congenital HI is more than 1,500 individuals. Ersodetug has received Orphan Drug Designation in the U.S. and European Union for the treatment of congenital HI, as well as Rare Pediatric Disease Designation in the U.S., a prerequisite for a request for a Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher upon Biologics License Application (BLA) submission. Based on the multinational Phase 2b (RIZE) clinical trial outcomes and the evidence of benefit in this serious condition with substantial unmet medical need, ersodetug was subsequently granted a priority medicines (PRIME) designation by the European Medicines Agency (EMA), an Innovation Passport designation by the UK Innovative Licensing and Access Pathway (ILAP) Steering Group for the treatment of congenital HI, and Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the FDA in the U.S . Ersodetug for Tumor HI upLIFT Phase 3 Study In mid-2025 we initiated the Phase 3 registrational study (“upLIFT”) of ersodetug for the treatment of hypoglycemia due to tumor HI. We anticipate completing enrollment and announcing topline results from the study before the end of 2026. At a meeting held with FDA on August 19, 2025, the Agency agreed to modifications to the design of the upLIFT study including removing the need to conduct a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial with hypoglycemia events as the endpoint. The streamlined upLIFT study is a Phase 3, registrational, single-arm, open-label, pivotal trial in approximately 16 participants with insulinoma or paraneoplastic non-islet cell tumors, who require continuous parenteral dextrose because of refractory hypoglycemia. Eligible participants requiring continuous parenteral dextrose will receive ersodetug 9 mg/kg per week for 8 weeks, as an add-on to standard of care. Following this 8-week pivotal treatment period, all participants may receive ersodetug in long-term extension, with the discretion to decrease the dosing frequency to every 2 to 4 weeks. The primary endpoint is the proportion of participants able to achieve at least a 50 percent reduction from baseline in the rate of continuous parenteral dextrose (glucose infusion rate; “GIR”), where statistical significance would be achieved if the lower bound of the 95% confidence interval of the point estimate exceeds 30% (equating to a responder rate of ~9 of 16 participants). Additional endpoints include the time to discontinuation of glucose infusion, time to discharge from the hospital, extent of hypoglycemia events and hypoglycemia time in the outpatient setting by SMBG and CGM, respectively, and patient reported quality of life. On June 2, 2026, we provided an interim update on the program based on the initial 8 participants, comprising both insulinoma and non-islet cell tumor hypoglycemia. Of the eight participants enrolled, six had already met the responder criterion for the study’s primary endpoint, which is the number of participants achieving at least a 50 percent reduction from baseline in intravenous glucose requirements (glucose infusion rate; GIR) within the 8-week pivotal treatment phase. Each of these 6 participants also achieved a complete discontinuation of intravenous glucose requirements with the administration of ersodetug. Since the time of this announcement, the seventh participant has also met the responder criterion for the study’s primary endpoint. The eighth participant withdrew study consent and discontinued ersodetug and all other non-palliative therapies prior to completion of the pivotal treatment phase. This patient had Stage 4 metastatic colon cancer and a poor Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status (ECOG 4). The participant elected to be discharged from the hospital to receive hospice care at home, where they died one week later due to cancer progression. The reduction and eventual discontinuation of intravenous glucose were undertaken in the setting of hospice transition, so the participant is being counted as a non-responder for purposes of assessing the primary endpoint. Based on historical precedent, supportive data from the sunRIZE study (i.e., safety and drug activity), the recent liberalization of the tumor HI study and differentiation between study endpoints, and the experience that we have reported -3- - 
 Table of Contents in the historical Expanded Access Program, we remain cautiously optimistic regarding the probability of success in this indication. Tumor HI may be caused by two distinct types of solid tumors: neuroendocrine islet cell tumors (“ICTs”) and non-islet cell tumors (“NICTs”), both of which lead to hypoglycemia due to excessive activation of the insulin receptor. Insulinomas are the most common type of functional ICT and mediate hypoglycemia through excessive insulin production. NICTs are generally associated with relatively large, solid tumors such as hepatocellular carcinoma, fibrosarcoma and mesothelioma, and can cause hypoglycemia by producing and secreting insulin-like paraneoplastic substances such as IGF-2 or related variants that bind to and activate the insulin receptor. This form of hypoglycemia can occur in more than 15 different types of tumors. Current therapies for insulinomas and NICTs can be grouped into two main categories: (a) tumor-directed de-bulking therapies (e.g., surgery, chemotherapy, radiotherapy), which may indirectly and/or eventually lead to decreased levels of circulating insulin and/or insulin-like substances, and therefore control HI and related hypoglycemia; and/or (b) medical therapies such as diazoxide and glucocorticoids that are used to attempt to treat the hypoglycemia. Tumor-directed therapies do not directly treat hypoglycemia caused by insulinomas or NICTs. In many cases, tumor-directed therapies are administered concurrently with medical therapies for hypoglycemia and in other cases successful treatment of hypoglycemia often enables the initiation and/or continuation of tumor-directed therapies, as indicated. During the period from diagnosis to surgical treatment, or if surgery is contraindicated or refused, medical treatments are often necessary to directly manage the HI and hypoglycemia induced by the tumor. Additionally, chronic medical management of refractory hypoglycemia is often necessary for patients who cannot be cured by surgery, such as those with extensive disease of the pancreas, multi-focal insulinomas, inoperable or unresectable benign or malignant insulinomas, metastatic insulinomas, non-pancreatic insulinomas or NICT hypoglycemia resulting from a variety of other tumors. A significant unmet need exists for treatment options with improved efficacy and tolerability, as normalization of glucose levels is crucial to prevent serious signs and symptoms of hypoglycemia, improve patient quality of life and overall function, and even to ensure patients are fit to receive cancer treatment and to reduce mortality. Unfortunately, some patients are unresponsive to the current standard of care medical therapies for tumor HI and experience debilitating hypoglycemia that is otherwise untreatable. Currently available medical therapies are directed at reducing or eliminating insulin production and/or secretion from tumors, which may be challenging when the tumor is differentiated or dysregulated, and therefore not responding to usual control mechanisms for suppressing insulin production. In some cases, commonly utilized somatostatin analog therapies may even worsen hypoglycemia due to suppression of glucagon. Therefore, currently available medical therapies directed at suppressing insulin production may have limited effectiveness in tumor HI. While we believe the total addressable market may be larger, the immediately addressable incidence market for the combined indications causing tumor HI is estimated to be approximately 3,000 patients in the U.S. alone per year. We believe 60% of these patients are managed at the National Cancer Institutes and academic medical centers, which will be our primary focus at launch. Expanded Access Program We maintain an expanded access program (“EAP”) for a variety of HI indications for the purpose of making ersodetug available on a compassionate use basis when patients have refractory hypoglycemia and cannot access a clinical trial. In clinical and real-world experience, ersodetug has been shown to counteract excessive insulin action downstream, at the insulin-receptor on target organs. The unique mechanism of action of ersodetug makes the therapy a potential universal treatment for any form of HI. To date, we have received numerous inbound physician inquiries regarding the use of ersodetug in patients with tumor HI caused by metastatic insulinomas or non-islet cell tumors, which led to compassionate use treatment in an expanded access program in more than a dozen patients. In the U.S., these requests have all been individually approved by the FDA’s Office of Cardiology, Hematology, Endocrinology and Nephrology - Division of Diabetes, Lipid Disorders, and Obesity. The tumor HI patients that have received ersodetug have been refractory to SOC therapies for chronic management of hypoglycemia. These patients have generally required continuous parenteral dextrose in order to prevent severe hypoglycemia and were typically hospitalized and in life-threatening or hospice-bound condition -4- - 
 Table of Contents at the time of request. Further treatment with tumor-directed therapies (e.g., embolization, radiotherapy, chemotherapy) was often deferred as a result of debilitating hypoglycemia. Generally, dosing for tumor HI patients in the EAP has been either 6 mg/kg or 9 mg/kg every 1-4 weeks. Nearly universally, ersodetug has led to substantial reductions in GIR (equating to an improvement in hypoglycemia) and has been well tolerated. After initiation of ersodetug, GIR was discontinued or substantially reduced, and hospitalized patients were able to be discharged and receive maintenance ersodetug doses on an outpatient basis, with durable benefit. In several cases, other background medical therapies to prevent hypoglycemia were able to be weaned or stopped, and patients were able to resume tumor-directed therapies for treatment of their underlying cancer. No participants have discontinued the therapy due to lack of response or safety, and the duration of treatment has ranged from several months to more than 2 years in some instances, in this subset of tumor HI patients with significantly advanced and metastatic tumor burden. Presented in a table filed on January 7, 2026, on Form 8-K with the SEC are cumulative data from the initial 9 participants in the EAP, including patient characteristics, ersodetug dosing and observed outcomes. This same data cohort was provided to FDA last year in support of our request for Breakthrough Therapy Designation and subsequently informed the discussion with FDA that led to revision of the upLIFT study in tumor HI to a single arm, open-label study. In summary, 75% of the patients receiving IV dextrose/total parenteral nutrition (“TPN”) in the EAP achieved a complete discontinuation of IV dextrose/TPN. We also maintain an EAP for patients with congenital and other forms of hyperinsulinism, which has served to provide access on a compassionate use basis, to patients who do not qualify or otherwise cannot participate in a clinical trial of ersodetug. This includes several congenital HI participants who were refractory to usual therapies and one infant where off-label or surgical (pancreatectomy) intervention was being considered as the only remaining option, but was averted by use of ersodetug in the EAP. The duration of treatment in these participants ranges from more than a year to more than 4 years, with ongoing benefit . Intellectual Property Our success depends on an intellectual property portfolio that supports our future revenue streams and also erects barriers to our competitors. We are maintaining and building our patent portfolio through filing new patent applications; prosecuting existing applications; and licensing patents and patent applications. Furthermore, we seek to protect our ownership of know-how, trade secrets and trademarks through an active program of legal mechanisms including registrations, assignments, confidentiality agreements, material transfer agreements, research collaborations and licenses. While we have confidence in our agreements and security measures, either may be compromised, and we may not have adequate remedies. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or independently discovered by competitors. U.S. patents, as well as most foreign patents, are generally effective for 20 years from the date the earliest application was filed. U.S. patents that were issued on applications filed before June 8, 1995, may be effective until 17 years from the issue date, if that is later than the 20-year date. In some cases, the patent term may be extended to recapture a portion of the term lost during regulatory review of the claimed therapeutic or, in the case of the U.S., because of U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) delays in prosecuting the application. In the U.S., under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (commonly known as the “Hatch-Waxman Act”), a patent that covers a drug approved by the FDA may be eligible for patent term extension (for up to five years, but not beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval) as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. The duration and extension of the term of foreign patents varies in accordance with local law. In the EU, Supplementary Protection Certificates, or SPCs, are available to extend a patent term up to five years to compensate for patent protection lost during regulatory review. Although all EU Member States must provide SPCs, SPCs must be applied for and granted on a country-by-country basis. Limited exceptions apply to the protection conferred by the SPC. As further described in the “Ersodetug License Agreement” section below, we hold a worldwide, exclusive license to patents covering the ersodetug molecule, including 38 issued patents worldwide and in the U.S. (4 U.S.) and pending patent applications with claims directed to compositions of matter and methods of use in therapy. These patents expire between 2030 and 2036. We also are pursuing patent applications relating to formulations of the clinical product candidate. -5- - 
 Table of Contents In addition, for certain of our product candidates we also expect to have further exclusivity in the form of data and marketing exclusivity under pharmaceutical regulatory laws, including for example, potentially up to 12 years of exclusivity from the date of first BLA approval of our product candidates. Competition We face competition from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies, and private research organizations in recruiting and retaining highly qualified scientific personnel and consultants and in the development and acquisition of technologies. There are other companies developing therapies for HI that are potential competitors to ersodetug, including, Amylyx Pharmaceuticals, Hanmi Pharmaceuticals, and Zealand Pharma. Government Regulation Regulation by governmental authorities in the U.S. and other countries and potential changes in regulatory philosophy and focus is a significant factor in the development, manufacture and marketing of pharmaceutical products. All of our potential products will require regulatory approval by governmental agencies prior to commercialization. In particular, pharmaceutical therapies are subject to rigorous preclinical testing and clinical trials and other pre-market approval requirements by the FDA and Regulatory Authorities (as defined below) in foreign countries. Various federal, state and foreign statutes and regulations also govern or influence the manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage, record keeping and marketing of such products. In addition, we are subject to various federal, state, and local laws, regulations and recommendations relating to safe working conditions; laboratory and manufacturing practices; the experimental use of animals; and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances, including radioactive compounds and infectious disease agents, used in connection with our research, development and manufacturing. Research and Development We incurred approximately $53.8 million and $61.5 million in research and development expenses for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, respectively. For further discussion of activi