Item 1A. Risk Factors. Investors should consider carefully the following risks before deciding to purchase any of our securities. If any of the events or developments described below actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition would likely suffer and investors may lose all or part of their investment. In addition, it is also possible that other risks and uncertainties that affect our business may arise or become material in the future. Risks Related to Our Product Development and Commercialization The supplemental information provided to the FDA to support our belief in the effectiveness of ersodetug in the treatment of congenital HI might not result in a viable path forward. As discussed in this Annual Report, on March 17, 2026, we met with the FDA to discuss the results of the sunRIZE trial and were asked to submit comprehensive analysis datasets and summary outcomes for the Agency’s independent evaluation. There can be no guarantee that after it analyzes the supplemental information that the FDA will agree to a path forward that is viable, both in terms of required information and cost, or a path that doesn’t require us to conduct a new randomized study. If we are required to either (i) provide additional information that we are unable to provide or (ii) conduct a new randomized study, our current operational plans may change in scope, timeline and required resources, which may require us to make significant operational changes. There is no guarantee that the FDA will not consider the results of the sunRIZE trial when it considers additional regulatory steps related to ersodetug and its treatment of other conditions. As discussed in this Annual Report, we have previously asked the FDA whether it will consider the results of the sunRIZE trial when considering additional regulatory steps related to ersodetug, including whether the results of the sunRIZE trial will impact the FDA’s assessment of any results that we may receive from the upLIFT trial. Although the FDA has not historically grouped trial results in this way, in the event the FDA takes this approach in connection with ersodetug this could significantly impact our business and future plans. Specifically, if we are required to delay -7- - 
 Table of Contents studying, marketing or monetizing any future potential applications of ersodetug, we may be required to make significant operational changes. If our clinical trials fail to replicate positive results from earlier preclinical studies or clinical trials conducted by us or third parties, we may be unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates. Our preclinical studies or early clinical trials of our product candidates, whether conducted by us or third parties, may not necessarily be predictive of the results of later clinical trials that we conduct. For example, despite promising results in our early clinical trials of ersodetug, our sunRIZE trial failed to meet its primary endpoint or key secondary endpoint. Similarly, even if we are able to complete our planned upLIFT trial, positive results from earlier clinical trial may not be replicated in our subsequent preclinical studies or clinical trials or in real-world results. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results in early-stage development, and we cannot be certain that we will not face further setbacks for any future product candidates. These setbacks have been caused by, among other things, preclinical findings made while clinical trials were underway or safety or efficacy observations made in preclinical studies and clinical trials, including previously unreported adverse events. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses and many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA, or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authority approval. Furthermore, the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner that may render our clinical data insufficient for approval, which may lead to the FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities delaying, limiting or denying approval of our product candidates. Interim, “topline” and preliminary data from clinical trials may change as more data become available, are not necessarily predictive of the final results of the completed study or the results of other ongoing or future studies and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes. From time to time, we may announce, publish or report preliminary, topline or interim data from our clinical trials. Such data are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patients continue progressing through the study (for example, in oncology studies, a patient may progress from a complete or partial response to progressive disease), as patient enrollment continues and/or as more patient data become available, and such data may not be indicative of final data from such trials, data from future trials or real-world results. In addition, such data may remain subject to audit confirmation and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary, topline or interim data disclosed. As a result, all preliminary, topline and interim data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Material adverse differences between preliminary, topline or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Modifications to the upLIFT trial may fail to produce effective results. In an effort to align with FDA guidance and improve the likelihood of demonstrating efficacy, the FDA allowed us to modify the upLIFT trial design. Such modifications include, without limitation to, removing the need to conduct a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial with hypoglycemia events as the endpoint. However, there can be no guarantees that these modifications are better able to demonstrate drug efficacy or that the upLIFT trial will meet its primary or secondary endpoints. Any delays in the commencement or completion, or termination or suspension, of our future clinical trials, if any, could result in increased costs to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial prospects. Before obtaining approval from the government authorities or professional bodies with authority to grant regulatory approval for our drug candidates in a particular country, such as the EMA, the FDA and analogous authorities in other -8- - 
 Table of Contents jurisdictions outside of the United States (“Regulatory Authorities”), we must conduct extensive clinical studies to demonstrate safety and efficacy. Clinical testing is expensive, time consuming and uncertain as to the outcome. Any delays in the commencement or completion of our ongoing, planned or future clinical trials could significantly increase our costs, slow down our development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. We do not know whether our planned trials will begin on time or at all, or be completed on schedule, if at all. The commencement and completion of clinical trials can be delayed for a number of reasons, including delays related to: ● Regulatory Authorities disagreeing as to the design or implementation of our clinical trials or with our recommended dose for any of our pipeline programs; ● obtaining Regulatory Authority authorization to commence a trial or reaching a consensus with such Regulatory Authorities on trial design; ● identifying and activating investigators and clinical trial sites to conduct trials; ● obtaining approval from one or more independent institutional review boards (“IRB”) or Ethics Committee (“EC”) at each clinical trial site before each trial may be initiated; ● IRBs/ECs refusing to approve, suspending or terminating the trial at an investigational site, precluding enrollment of additional subjects, or withdrawing their approval of the trial; ● changes to a clinical trial protocol; ● clinical sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; ● failing to manufacture or obtain sufficient quantities of drug candidate, or, if applicable, combination therapies for use in clinical trials; ● patients failing to enroll or remain in our trial at the rate we expect, or failing to return for post-treatment follow-up; ● patients choosing an alternative treatment, or participating in competing clinical trials; ● lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial; ● patients experiencing severe or unexpected drug-related adverse effects; ● occurrence of serious adverse events in trials of the same class of agents conducted by other companies; ● selecting or being required to use clinical end points that require prolonged periods of clinical observation or analysis of the resulting data; ● a facility manufacturing our drug candidates, or any of their components, including without limitation, our own facilities being ordered by Regulatory Authorities to temporarily or permanently shut down due to violations of current good manufacture practices, regulations or other applicable requirements, or infections or cross-contaminations in the manufacturing process; ● lack of stability of our clinical trial material or any quality issues that arise with the clinical trial material; ● any changes to our manufacturing process that may be necessary or desired; ● our, or our third-party contractors, not performing data collection or analysis in a timely or accurate manner or improperly disclosing data prematurely or otherwise in violation of a clinical trial protocol; ● any third-party contractors becoming debarred or suspended or otherwise penalized by Regulatory Authorities or other government or regulatory bodies for violations of regulatory requirements, in which case we may need to find a substitute contractor, and we may not be able to use some or all of the data produced by such contractors in support of our marketing applications; ● a clinical trial being suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs/ECs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, by a Data Safety Monitoring Board for such trial or by Regulatory Authorities, due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by Regulatory Authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using the product under investigation, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial; or ● changes in regulatory requirements and policies and our need to amend clinical trial protocols to comply with these changes and potentially resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs/ECs for reexamination. Delays in initiating a new phase of clinical trials resulting from action by FDA or any other Regulatory Authority would delay the approval obtainment and commercialization of our product candidates and our ability to generate revenue, which would have an adverse effect on our business. -9- - 
 Table of Contents Adverse events in our clinical trials may force us to stop development of our product candidates or prevent regulatory approval of our product candidates. Our product candidates may produce serious adverse events in patients during clinical trials. These adverse events could interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials of our product candidates and could result in the FDA, or other Regulatory Authorities requesting additional preclinical data or denying approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. An IRB/EC, independent Data Safety Monitoring Board, the FDA, other Regulatory Authorities or the Company itself may suspend or terminate clinical trials at any time. We cannot assure you that any of our product candidates will prove safe for human use. We are exposed to additional risks associated with regulatory approval. After the completion of our clinical studies, we cannot predict whether or when we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize our product candidates and we cannot, therefore, predict the timing of any future revenue from these product candidates. Even if we achieve positive clinical results and file for regulatory approval, we cannot commercialize any of our product candidates until the appropriate Regulatory Authorities have reviewed and approved the applications for such product candidates. We cannot provide assurance that the Regulatory Authorities will complete their review processes in a timely manner or that we will obtain regulatory approval for any product candidate we develop. Satisfaction of regulatory requirements typically takes many years, is dependent upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product and requires the expenditure of substantial resources. In addition, we may experience delays or rejections based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action or changes in Regulatory Authority policy during the period of product development, clinical studies and regulatory review. If we or a Regulatory Authority discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, a Regulatory Authority may impose restrictions on that product, the manufacturing facility or us, including requiring recall or withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing. If we, our product candidates or the manufacturing facilities for our product candidates fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a Regulatory Authority may: issue warning letters or untitled letters; seek an injunction or impose civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines; suspend or withdraw regulatory approval; suspend any ongoing clinical studies; refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to applications filed by us; suspend or impose restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or seize or detain products, refuse to permit the import or export of products, or require us to initiate a product recall. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our products and generate revenue. If our product candidates do not meet safety or efficacy requirements, they will not receive regulatory approval and we will be unable to market them. The process of drug development, regulatory review and approval typically is expensive, takes many years and the timing of any approval cannot be accurately predicted. If we fail to obtain regulatory approval for our current or future product candidates, we will be unable to market and sell such products and therefore may never be profitable. As part of the regulatory approval process, we must conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials for each product candidate to demonstrate safety and efficacy. The number of preclinical studies and clinical trials that will be required varies depending on the product candidate, the indication being evaluated, the trial results and regulations applicable to any particular product candidate. The results of preclinical studies and initial clinical trials of our product candidates do not necessarily predict the results of later-stage clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy despite having progressed through initial clinical trials. We cannot assure you that the data collected from the -10- - 
 Table of Contents preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates will be sufficient to support approval by the FDA or a foreign Regulatory Authority. In addition, the continuation of a particular study after review by an independent Data Safety Monitoring Board does not necessarily indicate that our product candidate will achieve the clinical endpoint. The FDA and other Regulatory Authorities can delay, limit or deny approval for many reasons, including: a product candidate may not be safe or effective; our manufacturing processes or facility may not meet the applicable requirements; and changes in Regulatory Authority approval policies or adoption of new regulations may require additional clinical trials or work on our end. Any delay in, or failure to receive or maintain, approval for any of our product candidates could prevent us from ever generating meaningful revenues or achieving profitability. Our product candidates are prone to the risks of failure inherent in drug development. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any product candidate for a target indication, we must demonstrate safety in preclinical studies and effectiveness with substantial evidence gathered in well-controlled clinical studies. With respect to approval in the U.S., to the satisfaction of the FDA and, with respect to approval in other countries, to the satisfaction of Regulatory Authorities in those countries, we must demonstrate that the product candidate is safe and effective for use for that target indication and that the manufacturing facilities, processes and controls are adequate. Despite our efforts, our product candidates may not: offer therapeutic benefit or other improvements over existing, comparable therapeutics; be proven safe and effective in clinical studies; meet applicable regulatory standards; be capable of being produced in sufficient quantities at acceptable costs; be successfully commercialized; or obtain favorable reimbursement. We are not permitted to market any of our other product candidates in the U.S. until we receive approval of a new drug application, or approval of a biologics license application, from the FDA, or in any foreign countries until we receive the requisite approval from such countries. We have not submitted a new drug application or biologics license application or received marketing approval for any of our product candidates. Preclinical testing and clinical studies are long, expensive and uncertain processes. We may spend several years completing our testing for any particular product candidate, and failure can occur at any stage. Negative or inconclusive results or adverse medical events during a clinical study could also cause us, one or more IRBs/ECs at clinical trial sites, a Data Safety Monitoring Board or the FDA or other Regulatory Authority to terminate a clinical study or require that we repeat it or conduct additional studies. Additionally, data obtained from a clinical study is susceptible to varying interpretations and the FDA or other Regulatory Authorities may interpret the results of our clinical studies less favorably than we do. The FDA and equivalent foreign Regulatory Authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may decide that our data is insufficient to support a marketing application and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. Due to our reliance on contract research organizations or other third parties to conduct clinical trials, we may not have complete control over the timing, conduct and expense of our clinical trials. We rely primarily on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. As a result, we will have less control over the conduct of the clinical trials, the timing and completion of the trials, the required reporting of adverse events and the management of data developed through the trial than would be the case if our own staff conducted all aspects of our clinical trials. Communicating with outside parties can also be challenging, potentially leading to mistakes and difficulties in coordinating activities. Outside parties may have staffing difficulties, may undergo changes in priorities or may become financially distressed, adversely affecting their willingness or ability to conduct our trials. We may experience unexpected increased costs that are beyond our control. Problems with the timeliness or quality of the work of a contract research organization may lead us to seek to terminate the relationship and use an alternative service provider. However, making this change may be costly and may delay our trials, and contractual restrictions may make such a change difficult or impossible. Additionally, it may be impossible to find a replacement organization that can conduct our trials in an acceptable manner and at an acceptable cost. -11- - 
 Table of Contents Any failure or delay by our third-party suppliers on which we rely or intend to rely to provide materials necessary to develop and manufacture our drug products may delay or impair our ability to commercialize our product candidates. We rely upon a small number of third-party suppliers for the manufacture of certain raw materials that are necessary to formulate our drug products for preclinical and clinical testing purposes. We intend to continue to rely on them in the future. We also expect to rely upon third parties to produce materials required for the commercial production of our product candidates if we succeed in obtaining necessary regulatory approvals. If we are unable to arrange for third-party sources, or do so on commercially unreasonable terms, we may not be able to complete development of or market our product candidates. It is possible that our raw material suppliers may not be able to sell these raw materials at the times we need them or on commercially reasonable terms due to forces outside of our control including, but not limited to, inflation, tariffs, and global conflicts. We do not have any control over the process or timing of the acquisition of these raw materials by our manufacturers. Our third-party manufacturers and suppliers may encounter delays in providing their services as a result of supply chain constraints. Moreover, we currently do not have any agreements for the commercial production of these raw materials. Although we generally do not begin a clinical study unless we believe we have a sufficient supply of a product candidate to complete the clinical study, any significant delay in the supply of raw material components needed to produce a product candidate for a clinical study due to the need to replace a third-party manufacturer could considerably delay completion of our clinical studies, product testing and potential regulatory approval of our product candidates. If we or our manufacturers are unable to purchase these raw materials after regulatory approval has been obtained for our product candidates, the commercial launch of our product candidates would be delayed or there would be a shortage in supply of such product candidates, which would impair our ability to generate revenues from the sale of our product candidates. If we successfully commercialize any of our product candidates, we may be required to establish commercial manufacturing capabilities of larger scale. In addition, as our drug development pipeline increases and matures, we will have a greater need for clinical study and commercial manufacturing capacity. We have no experience manufacturing pharmaceutical products on a commercial scale and we may need to rely on third-party manufacturers with capacity for increased production scale to meet our projected needs for commercial manufacturing, the satisfaction of which on a timely basis may not be met. We may be unable to manage our anticipated growth effectively. If any of our product candidates move from clinical development into commercialization, this anticipated growth will place significant strains on our management, operational systems and processes, financial systems and internal controls and other aspects of our business. We must upgrade our internal business processes and capabilities to create the scalability that a growing business demands. As of September 21, 2026, we had 63 full-time employees. To execute our anticipated growth successfully, we must continue to attract and retain qualified personnel and manage and train them effectively. Commercializing any of our product candidates will require us to hire and retain scientific, sales and marketing, software, manufacturing, customer service, distribution and quality assurance personnel. In addition, we expect that we will need to hire additional accounting, finance and other personnel. Further, our anticipated growth will place additional strain on our suppliers, resulting in an increased need for us to carefully monitor quality assurance. Any failure by us to manage our growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our ability to achieve our development and commercialization goals. Our ability to successfully transition from a largely development stage company to a full scale commercial operation is uncertain given the fact that we have been in operation for numerous years. As we continue to grow, we will be required to implement more complex organizational management structures and may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the benefits of our corporate culture. If we do not successfully manage our anticipated growth, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be harmed. -12- - 
 Table of Contents If we use hazardous and biological materials in a manner that causes injury or violates applicable law, we may be liable for damages. Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially hazardous substances, including toxic chemical and biological materials. We could be held liable for any contamination, injury or other damages resulting from these hazardous substances. In addition, our operations produce hazardous waste products. While third parties are responsible for disposal of our hazardous waste, we could be liable under environmental laws for any required cleanup of sites at which our waste is disposed. Federal, state, foreign and local laws and regulations govern the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these hazardous materials. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations at any time, or if they change, we may be subject to criminal sanctions and substantial civil liabilities, which may harm our business. Even if we continue to comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding hazardous materials, we cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or discharge and our resultant liability for any injuries or other damages caused by these accidents. Risks Related to Our Business Failure of our clinical trials could expose us to litigation and other legal claims, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The failure, delay or unfavorable results of any of our clinical trials could give rise to claims or litigation by investors, clinical trial participants, business partners, employees or other parties. Such claims could allege, among other things, that we failed to adequately design, conduct, oversee or disclose the results of our clinical trials, or that our public statements regarding our clinical development programs were inaccurate or misleading. Regardless of the merits or ultimate outcome of any such claims, defending litigation could require significant financial and management resources and could result in substantial costs, damages, settlements or other liabilities. In addition, adverse publicity associated with litigation could harm our reputation and relationships with investors, collaborators, regulators and other stakeholders. Any such litigation or related proceedings could therefore materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. For example, following the release of the results of our sunRIZE trial our stock price suffered a decline. As a result, plaintiffs law firms have announced investigations into potential securities laws violations based on allegations related to the results of the sunRIZE trial. While we believe these allegations are without merit, and no litigation has been commenced to date regarding such allegations, we still face the potential for litigation to be initiated against us. We have a long history of losses and may not achieve profitability in the future. We will need substantial additional capital to fund our operations. If we fail to obtain additional capital, we will be unable to sustain operations. We incurred net losses of $77.6 million and $74.4 million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, respectively. As of June 30, 2026, we had an accumulated deficit of $481.4 million. Cash used in our operating activities amounted to $64.6 million and $69.1 million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, respectively. As of June 30, 2026, we had cash and cash equivalents of $10.6 million and investments in marketable debt securities of $97.2 million that is expected to provide us with adequate capital resources to fund planned activities for at least 12 months from the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2026. Since our inception, we have not generated meaningful revenue. We expect to continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future as we develop and commercialize our product candidate pipeline, and we expect to need additional capital from external sources before we will be able to begin generating revenue, if ever. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue one or more of our research and development programs. We may be required to cease operations or seek partners for our product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable and on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available. In the absence of additional capital we may also be required to relinquish, license or otherwise dispose of rights to technologies, product candidates or products that we would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available. If we are unable to secure additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to reduce costs in order to conserve our cash in amounts sufficient to sustain operations and meet our obligations. These measures could cause significant delays in the development of our product candidates. -13- - 
 Table of Contents We face potential product liability exposure, and, if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability. The use of our product candidates in clinical studies and the sale of any products for which we obtain marketing approval expose us to the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims might be brought against us by consumers, health care providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with our products. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liabilities. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: impairment of our business reputation; withdrawal of clinical study participants; costs of related litigation; distraction of management’s attention from our primary business; substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants; the inability to commercialize our product candidates; and decreased demand for our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale. We currently have clinical trial insurance for our active clinical programs. This product liability insurance coverage for our clinical studies may not be sufficient to reimburse us for all expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive, and, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. If and when we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products; however, we may be unable to obtain this product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated adverse effects. A successful product liability claim, or series of claims, brought against us could cause our stock price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could decrease our cash and adversely affect our business. We may not be able to use a significant portion of our net operating loss carryforwards, which could adversely affect our profitability. Federal and state laws impose substantial restrictions on the utilization of net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards in the event that certain ownership changes occur as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”). Due to our financing activities, we experienced ownership changes that have resulted in significant limitations on the future use of our NOL carryforwards. As of June 30, 2026, we have U.S. federal NOL carryforwards of approximately $248.9 million, of which $33.4 million will expire without any opportunity for utilization due to the limitations set forth in IRC Section 382. Our ability to use the remaining $215.5 million of U.S. federal NOL carryforwards is subject to strict limitations as a result of prior ownership changes. It is possible that future ownership changes could result in further limitations on the use of our NOL carryforwards or other tax attributes, which could adversely affect our future financial position, profitability and cash flows. If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of our common stock may decline. We are subject to Section 404 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Section 404”), and the related rules of the SEC which generally require our management and independent registered public accounting firm to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Section 404 requires an annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Effective April 27, 2020, the SEC adopted amendments to the “accelerated filer” and “large accelerated filer” definitions in Rule 12b-2 under The Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. The amendments exclude from the “accelerated filer” and “large accelerated filer” definitions an issuer that is eligible to be a smaller reporting company (“SRC”). We currently meet the definition of an SRC. We determined that our Company does not meet the accelerated or large accelerated filer definitions as of June 30, 2026. For so long as we remain a smaller reporting company and a non-accelerated filer, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to public companies, including, but not limited to, not being required as a non-accelerated filer to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b). An independent assessment by our independent registered public accounting firm of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting could detect problems that our management’s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. -14- - 
 Table of Contents Although we have determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2026, we cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remediate any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. In the future, we may no longer qualify as a smaller reporting company or non-accelerated filer, which could increase our compliance costs and reporting obligations. We currently qualify as an SRC and a non-accelerated filer under applicable SEC rules. As a result, we are eligible to take advantage of certain reduced disclosure requirements and exemptions from requirements applicable to other public companies, including the exemption from the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our status as an SRC and non-accelerated filer is determined annually based on, among other factors, our public float and, where applicable, our annual revenues. If our public float increases above applicable thresholds, or if we otherwise cease to qualify as an SRC or non-accelerated filer, we could become subject to additional disclosure, compliance and governance requirements. These additional requirements could include expanded executive compensation disclosures, accelerated filing deadlines and, if applicable, auditor attestation requirements regarding internal control over financial reporting. Compliance with these additional requirements would increase our legal, accounting and administrative costs and require greater management attention and internal resources. If we are unable to comply with any such requirements in a timely manner, investors may lose confidence in our reported information, the market price of our common stock could decline and we could become subject to regulatory scrutiny or enforcement actions. Our collection, use, processing, and cross-border transfer of personal information, including individually identifiable health information, is governed by restrictive regulations. Our business is broadly regulated by U.S. and foreign regulatory authorities, and we must comply with all applicable rules and regulations concerning our use, processing, handling, maintenance, and protection of personal information. In the U.S., the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) imposes requirements at the federal level relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information, while individual states, such as California, have adopted privacy regulations restricting the use of personal information and providing individuals certain rights with respect to the collection and use of their data. Further, the collection and use of personal information in Europe is governed by the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation and the United Kingdom’s implementation of the same, or the GDPR. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and other applicable data protection laws of the EU member states and the United Kingdom, or other applicable privacy rules and regulations in other countries, may result in significant fines and other administrative penalties. We may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to comply with current and future privacy and data protection regulations applicable to our business. This may interrupt or delay our development activities and/or require us to change our business practices, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We could recognize losses on securities held in our marketable debt securities portfolio, particularly if interest rates increase or economic and market conditions deteriorate. As of June 30, 2026, the fair value of the investments in our marketable debt securities portfolio was approximately $97.2 million. Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. For example, fixed-rate securities acquired by us are generally subject to decreases in market value when interest rates rise. Additional factors include, but are not limited to, -15- - 
 Table of Contents rating agency downgrades of the securities or our own analysis of the value of the security, defaults by the issuer with respect to the underlying securities, and continued instability in the credit markets. Any of the foregoing factors could result in credit-related loss and result in realized losses. The process for determining whether allowances are needed for credit-related losses usually requires difficult, subjective judgments about the future financial performance of the issuer and any collateral underlying the security in order to assess the probability of receiving all contractual principal and interest payments on the security. As of June 30, 2026, we had $0.1 million