ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all . With a relentless focus on our customers, technology leadership, and manufacturing and operational excellence, Micron delivers a rich portfolio of high-performance DRAM, NAND, and NOR memory and storage products through our Micron® and Crucial® brands. Every day, the innovations that our people create fuel the data economy, enabling advances in artificial intelligence (AI) and compute-intensive applications that unleash opportunities — from the data center to the intelligent edge and across the client and mobile user experience. We manufacture our products at wholly-owned facilities and also utilize subcontractors for certain manufacturing processes. Our global network of manufacturing centers of excellence not only allows us to benefit from scale while streamlining processes and operations, but it also brings together some of the world’s brightest talent to work on the most advanced memory technology. Centers of excellence bring expertise together in one location, providing an efficient support structure for end-to-end manufacturing, with quicker cycle times, in partnership with teams, such as R&D, product development, human resources, procurement, and supply chain. For our locations in Singapore and Taiwan, this is also a combination of bringing fabrication and back-end manufacturing together. We continue to make significant investments to develop proprietary product and process technology, which generally increases bit density per wafer and reduces per-bit manufacturing costs of each generation of product. We continue to introduce new generations of products that offer improved performance characteristics, including higher data transfer rates, advanced packaging solutions, lower power consumption, improved read/write reliability, and increased memory density. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets. To remain competitive, we must continuously develop and implement new products and technologies and decrease manufacturing costs in spite of inflationary pressures, changing technologies, rapid market changes, and regulatory uncertainty. Our success is largely dependent on obtaining returns on our R&D investments, efficient utilization of our manufacturing infrastructure, development and integration of advanced product and process technologies, market acceptance of our diversified portfolio of semiconductor-based memory and storage solutions, and efficient capital spending. Business Segments In the fourth quarter of 2025, we reorganized our business units. All prior-period segment amounts have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect this reorganization. We have the following four business units, which are our reportable segments: • Cloud Memory Business Unit (“CMBU”): Focused on memory solutions for large hyperscale cloud customers, and HBM for all data center customers. • Core Data Center Business Unit (“CDBU”): Focused on memory solutions for mid-tier cloud, enterprise, and OEM data center customers and storage solutions for all data center customers. • Mobile and Client Business Unit (“MCBU”): Focused on memory and storage solutions for the mobile and client segments. • Automotive and Embedded Business Unit (“AEBU”): Focused on memory and storage solutions for the automotive, industrial, and consumer segments. 7 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents Products, Market, and Sales Product Technologies Our product portfolio of memory and storage solutions, advanced solutions, and storage platforms is based on our high-performance semiconductor memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, and NOR. We sell our products through our business units into various markets in numerous forms, including components, modules, SSDs, managed NAND, multi-chip packages, and wafers. Many of our system-level solutions combine NAND, a controller, firmware, and in some cases DRAM. DRAM: DRAM products are dynamic random access memory semiconductor devices with low latency that provide high-speed data retrieval with a variety of performance characteristics. DRAM products lose content when power is turned off (“volatile”) and are most commonly used in the data center, client PC, graphics, industrial, mobile, and automotive markets. In 2025, we began shipping the industry’s first 1γ (1-gamma) production node, which is our first DRAM node incorporating EUV lithography and offers further improvements in power efficiency, performance, and bit density compared to our prior DRAM node products. The majority of our DRAM bit production in 2025 was on our leading-edge 1ß (1-beta) node. High-Bandwidth Memory (“HBM”) : A 3D stacked DRAM architecture that utilizes through-silicon via (“TSV”) connections for more efficient communication giving it the ability to achieve a higher bandwidth while consuming less power compared to other memory types. This makes it ideal for applications that require high data throughput and energy efficiency, such as AI applications and high-performance computing. Double Data Rate (“DDR”) : DDR memory transfers data twice per clock cycle resulting in improved speeds, power efficiency, and storage density. DDR5 is the fifth generation of this technology and offers the critical improvements in bandwidth and power efficiency necessary to meet the growing needs of high-performance computing, AI, and data-intensive applications. Low-Power DRAM (“LPDDR”) : Engineered for mobile devices and applications requiring low power consumption. LPDDR products generally operate at a lower voltage than standard DRAM products and are beneficial to any power conscious application. The benefits of LPDDR memory are being realized by many market segments, including mobile, PC, automotive, and data center. Graphics DRAM (“GDDR”) : High-performance memory solution designed for graphics cards, gaming consoles, and high-performance computing applications. GDDR memory is optimized for high-bandwidth workloads encountered by graphics processing units, offering faster data rates and efficient data processing capabilities. Total reported DRAM revenue was $28.58 billion in 2025, $17.60 billion in 2024, and $10.98 billion in 2023. NAND: NAND products are non-volatile, re-writeable semiconductor storage devices that provide high-capacity, low-cost storage with a variety of performance characteristics. NAND is used in SSDs for the data center, client PC, consumer, and automotive markets, and in removable storage markets. Managed NAND is used in smartphones and other mobile devices, and in the consumer, automotive, and embedded markets. Low-density NAND is ideal for applications like automotive, surveillance, machine-to-machine, automation, printer, and home networking. In 2024, we began volume production of Micron G9 NAND, representative of the industry's ninth-generation 3D NAND node. The majority of our NAND bit production in 2025 was on leading-edge Micron G8 and G9 NAND nodes. Our NAND Flash includes triple-level cell (“TLC”) and quad-level cell (“QLC”), each with varying levels of storage density, performance, and endurance. 8 Table of Contents Solid State Drives (“SSDs”) : SSD storage products incorporate NAND, a controller, and firmware to offer significant performance and features over hard disk drives, including smaller form factors, faster read and write speeds, higher reliability, and lower power consumption needed to address the growing demands of data-centric workloads, ever-increasing expectations of client users, and the stringent requirements of automotive and industrial applications. Managed NAND : Managed NAND combines NAND flash with a sophisticated controller and firmware in a single package. This integration allows the memory to manage itself, handling tasks like wear leveling, bad block management, and error correction internally, freeing the host system from these tasks. Products such as embedded MultiMediaCards (“e.MMC”) and universal flash storage (“UFS”) offer solutions that are compact and reliable, making them widely used across the mobile, automotive, and industrial markets. Multi-Chip Packages (“MCPs”) : Designed to provide high-performance, compact, and efficient memory solutions by integrating multiple types of memory, generally LPDDR and NAND, into a single package. MCPs are used in embedded internet of things (“IoT”) applications, automotive systems, mobile devices, and industrial devices where space and power efficiency are critical. Total reported NAND revenue was $8.50 billion in 2025, $7.23 billion in 2024, and $4.21 billion in 2023. NOR: NOR products are non-volatile, re-writable semiconductor memory devices that provide fast read speeds. NOR is most commonly used for reliable code storage (e.g., boot, application, operating system, and execute-in-place code in an embedded system) and for frequently changing small data storage and is ideal for automotive, industrial, and consumer applications. Products by Business Unit and Market Cloud Memory Business Unit (“CMBU”) CMBU is focused on memory solutions for large hyperscale cloud customers, and HBM for all data center customers. In addition to HBM, CMBU sales include DDR, LPDDR, and GDDR. Data Center : CMBU sales to the data center end market are driven by server demand across the cloud market and includes our portfolio of HBM, high-capacity dual in-line memory modules (“DIMMs”), and low-power server DRAM solutions. Overall cloud growth continues to be driven by the shift of both infrastructure and workloads from on-premises to the cloud. Cloud-native workloads are driving growth through use cases such as AI-enabled intelligent edge devices and augmented reality platforms that store and access data in the cloud or rely on the cloud for compute capability. Cloud servers supporting AI and data-centric workloads require significantly increasing quantities of DRAM, including HBM, and NAND as the task of turning data into insight becomes increasingly memory-centric. In 2024, we began volume production of our 8-high 24GB HBM3E with increased bandwidth and superior power efficiency enabled by our advanced 1β process node. In the fourth quarter of 2025, HBM3E 12-high represented the majority of our HBM shipments. This enhanced version of HBM delivers faster data rates, improved thermal response, and a higher monolithic die density within the same package footprint as previous generations. In 2025, we delivered samples of HBM4 36GB 12-high to multiple key customers to power next-generation AI platforms. As modern servers pack more processing cores into central processing units (“CPUs”), the memory bandwidth per CPU core has been decreasing. Our DDR5 alleviates this bottleneck by providing higher bandwidth than previous generations, enabling improved performance and scaling. In 2024, we qualified and began shipping our 128GB DDR5 server module, built on a monolithic 32GB DRAM die and powered by our 1ß node. This innovative product provides an industry alternative to existing 3D TSV-based solutions to address the rigorous speed and capacity demands of memory-intensive generative AI applications. In 2025, we began volume production of LPDDR5 in a small outline compression attached memory module (“SOCAMM”) form factor to enable easier server manufacturability and serviceability and to help drive broader LPDDR adoption in the server market. 9 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents Total reported CMBU revenue was $13.52 billion in 2025, $3.79 billion in 2024, and $1.87 billion in 2023. CMBU sales to the data center market in 2025 consisted primarily of our HBM, DDR5 and DDR4, LPDDR5, and GDDR6 products. Core Data Center Business Unit (“CDBU”) CDBU is focused on memory solutions for mid-tier cloud, enterprise, and OEM data center customers and storage solutions for all data center customers, including data center SSDs and NAND components. Data Center DRAM : CDBU sales to OEM data center customers are driven by server and storage demand to support mid-tier cloud and enterprise customers, and our sales consisted primarily of DDR5 and DDR4. Data Center SSDs and NAND : The rapid proliferation of AI, cloud computing, and big data are fueling demand for high-performance and high-capacity storage in data centers. In 2025, we qualified and began shipping our 9550 series SSD to meet the growing demands of AI, high-performance computing, and many other workloads. This fully integrated solution enables improved performance, power efficiency, and security features for data center operators. In 2025, we also qualified and began shipping our 6550 ION SSD, which delivers lower power while providing better performance and better data center footprint efficiency with more density per rack for data centers. Both products utilized Micron’s G8 NAND and internally designed and vertically integrated engineering capability consisting of a controller, firmware, NAND, and DRAM. We also strengthened our portfolio with our first G9-based data center products, including our PCIe Gen6 SSDs. Total reported CDBU revenue was $7.23 billion in 2025, $4.98 billion in 2024, and $2.12 billion in 2023. CDBU sales to the data center SSD market in 2025 consisted primarily of our 5400, 6500 ION, 7450, 7500, and 9550 series SSDs. CDBU sales also included sales of our DDR5 and DRR4 and component NAND sales of QLC and TLC. Mobile and Client Business Unit (“MCBU”) MCBU is focused on memory and storage solutions for the mobile and client segments. Additionally, MCBU sales include our Crucial-branded SSDs and DRAM sold to the consumer market and component DRAM and NAND sales of TLC and QLC. Mobile : Consists of memory and storage products sold into the smartphone and other mobile-device markets, including discrete NAND, DRAM, and managed NAND products. MCBU offers a portfolio of MCPs and managed NAND, including products which combine e.MMC/UFS solutions with LPDDR, along with a suite of unique firmware features designed for next-generation smartphones and to accelerate AI applications in the mobile market. The proliferation of smartphones, tablets, and other mobile devices continues to increase the demand for memory chips, while AI adoption in such devices continues to be a strong driver for mobile DRAM content growth. These devices require high-performance memory to support various applications, from gaming to productivity. Smartphones offer tremendous potential for personalized AI capabilities that offer greater security and responsiveness when executed on the device. Enabling these on-device AI capabilities is driving increased memory and storage capacity needs and increasing demand for new value-add solutions. We are focused on providing solutions to the high-end smartphone segments, leveraging our 1ß and 1γ technology nodes for LPDDR5X. In 2025, we began shipping qualification samples of our first LPDDR5X memory built on the 1γ node, engineered to accelerate AI applications on flagship smartphones, and delivering a faster speed grade while reducing power consumption, all in an ultrathin form factor ideal for mobile. Client : Our products sold to the client PC market support both commercial and consumer PC unit growth. The next generation PCs contain high-performance neural processing chipsets, as well as AI. These devices have significantly more DRAM content than today’s average PC. Client and Consumer SSDs : The next generation PCs contain high-performance neural processing chipsets, as well as AI capabilities, and require higher performance and higher average capacity SSDs than traditional PCs. Our client SSDs, targeted for leading personal computer OEMs, have mostly replaced hard disk drives used in notebooks, desktops, workstations, and other consumer applications, and deliver high performance, power 10 Table of Contents efficiency, security, and capacity. In 2025, we began shipping Micron G9 QLC-based NAND in client SSDs designed for OEMs featuring our proprietary Adaptive Write Technology, which enables faster write performance for improved AI-driven applications and an optimized user experience. Total reported MCBU revenue was $11.86 billion in 2025, $11.67 billion in 2024, and $7.39 billion in 2023. MCBU sales to the mobile market in 2025 consisted primarily of LPDDR5 and LPDDR4 DRAM and managed NAND solutions. MCBU sales to the client and consumer SSD markets in 2025 consisted primarily of our 2500, 2550, 2650, and 3500 series SSDs and our Crucial-branded BX500 SATA SSDs and P3 Plus PCIe SSDs. MCBU sales also included component NAND sales of TLC and QLC. Automotive and Embedded Business Unit (“AEBU”) AEBU is focused on memory and storage solutions for the automotive, industrial, and consumer segments sold into the intelligent edge, including discrete and module DRAM, discrete NAND, managed NAND, SSDs, and NOR. The intelligent edge refers to the continually growing set of connected systems and devices where data is analyzed and aggregated closest to where it is captured. Intelligent devices, those using AI for inference at the edge, are now more self-contained and do not need to connect to the cloud to run their algorithms. Automotive : Improvements in autonomous driving, advanced driver-assistance systems, in-vehicle infotainment systems, advanced robotaxi platforms, and AI technologies continue to increase the requirements for high-performing memory and storage products, with higher reliability requirements for leading-edge products. Automotive memory and storage products enable connected, advanced infotainment systems with increasingly larger and higher definition displays and support improved voice and gesture control. Adoption of Level 2 and 3 advanced driver-assistance systems capabilities continue to gain momentum, further expanding content per vehicle. Our products enable increasingly advanced vision- and sensor-based automated systems to support driver assistance solutions and vehicle safety. In 2025, we announced the production readiness of our first automotive LPDDR5X DRAM product that supports the increasing performance requirements of AI-driven applications in vehicles. Additionally, our 4150 SSD became our first enterprise SSD product that is automotive-qualified and is now sampling at target customers, further reinforcing our commitment to innovation and leadership in this important market. Industrial : Growing adoption of IoT devices, automation, machine-to-machine communication, and smart infrastructure across sectors, such as manufacturing, transportation, surveillance, and retail, is driving demand for industrial memory solutions. High-reliability and high-performance memory solutions are critical for these applications. Consumer Embedded : Embedded memory and storage solutions are used in a diverse set of consumer products, including service provider and IP set-top boxes, digital home assistants, digital still and video cameras, home networking, ultra-high-definition televisions, augmented reality and virtual reality headsets. Our embedded memory and storage solutions enable intelligent edge devices in the consumer products market to store, connect, and transform information in the IoT. Total reported AEBU revenue was $4.75 billion in 2025, $4.63 billion in 2024, and $4.14 billion in 2023. In 2025, AEBU sales to the automotive, industrial, and consumer embedded markets consisted primarily of LPDDR5 and LPDDR4, managed NAND, DDR4 and DDR3, and GDDR6 products. Marketing and Customers We seek to build collaborative relationships with our customers to understand their unique opportunities and challenges. By engaging with our customers early in the product life-cycle to identify and design features and performance characteristics into our products, we are able to manufacture products that anticipate and address our customers’ changing needs. Collaborating with our customers on their design needs in changing end markets and meeting their timelines for qualifying new products allows us to differentiate our memory and storage solutions, which provides greater value to our customers. 11 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents Our semiconductor memory and storage products are offered under our Micron and Crucial brand names and through private labels. We market our semiconductor memory and storage products primarily through our own direct sales force and maintain sales or representative offices to support our worldwide customer base. Our products are also offered through distributors, retailers, and independent sales representatives. Our distributors carry our products in inventory and typically sell a variety of other semiconductor products, including our competitors’ products. Our independent sales representatives obtain orders, subject to final acceptance by us, and we then make shipments against these orders directly to customers or through our distributors. We sell our Crucial-branded products through a web-based customer-direct sales channel, as well as through channel and distribution partners. We maintain inventory at locations in close proximity to certain key customers to facilitate rapid delivery of products. Due to volatile industry conditions, our customers are generally reluctant to enter into long-term, fixed-price purchase contracts. We typically enter into long-term agreements with our customers with acknowledgment that pricing, quantity, and other terms will be periodically negotiated to reflect market conditions and our customers’ demand for our products. In each of the last three years, approximately one-half of our total revenue was from our top ten customers. For other information regarding our concentrations and customers, see Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 28. Certain Concentrations. Competitive Conditions We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.; SK hynix Inc.; Kioxia Holdings Corporation; Sandisk Corporation; ChangXin Memory Technologies, Inc. (“CXMT”); and Yangtze Memory Technologies Co., Ltd. (“YMTC”). Our competitors may use aggressive pricing to obtain market share. Some of our competitors are large corporations or conglomerates that may operate in jurisdictions with lower labor and compliance costs and may have a larger market share and greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. Consolidation of industry competitors could put us at a competitive disadvantage as our competitors may benefit from increased manufacturing scale and a stronger product portfolio. Alternatively, new entrants into the memory and storage market could have a significant adverse impact on our competitive position. We operate in different jurisdictions than our competitors and may be impacted by unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates, import/export restrictions, and other trade regulations, including tariffs. In addition, governments have provided, and may continue to provide, significant assistance, financial or otherwise, to some of our competitors or to new entrants and may intervene in support of national industries and/or competitors. As a result, we face the threat of increasing competition and DRAM and NAND oversupply due to significant investment in the semiconductor industry, including by the Chinese government and various state-owned or affiliated entities, such as CXMT and YMTC. In addition, the May 2023 decision by China’s Cyberspace Administration (the “CAC”) that critical information infrastructure operators in China may not purchase Micron products had an adverse impact on our ability to compete effectively in China and elsewhere. We intend to advance our process technology to increase bit output per wafer, improve yields, and increase wafer supply. In addition, our competitors may increase capital expenditures resulting in future increases in worldwide supply. We, and some of our competitors, have plans to construct new fabrication facilities and/or ramp production at existing fabrication facilities. Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and storage, if not accompanied by commensurate increases in demand, could lead to declines in average selling prices for our products and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Additionally, rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. If competitors are more successful at developing or implementing new product or process technology, their products could have cost or performance advantages. 12 Table of Contents Manufacturing We manufacture our products within our own facilities located in Taiwan, Singapore, Japan, the United States, Malaysia, China, and India and also utilize subcontractors to perform certain manufacturing processes. Our products are manufactured on 300mm wafers in facilities that generally operate 24 hours per day, seven days per week. Semiconductor manufacturing is capital intensive, requiring large investments in sophisticated facilities and equipment. Our DRAM, NAND, and NOR products share a number of common manufacturing processes, enabling us to leverage our product and process technology and certain resources and manufacturing infrastructure across these product lines. Our process for manufacturing semiconductor products is complex and involves numerous precise steps, including wafer fabrication, post-fabrication processing, assembly, and test. Efficient production of semiconductor products requires utilization of advanced semiconductor manufacturing techniques and effectively deploying those techniques across multiple facilities. The primary determinants of manufactur