Item 1A. Risk Factors. In evaluating the Company, the risks described below and the matters described under “Forward-Looking Statements” should be considered carefully. Such risks and matters are numerous and diverse, may be experienced continuously or intermittently, and may vary in intensity and effect. Although the risks are organized by heading, and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. Any of such risks and matters, individually or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well as on the attractiveness and value of an investment in the Company's securities. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future. Strategic, Operational and Competitive Risks Our strategic plans and initiatives may not be successful, which could negatively affect our profitability and growth. We completed the second year executing Bold New Chapter, a strategy that prioritizes improving the shopping environment and elevating the customer experience, while closing unproductive Macy's stores to focus resources and investments on the go-forward enterprises. Progress on the three pillars within the strategy included: • Strengthen and reimagine the Macy's nameplate: overlaying successful initiatives from the First 50 to an additional 75 stores for a total 125 reimagined Macy's locations, and revitalizing merchandise assortment with a mix of newness and fashion; • Accelerate luxury growth: new brand launches and exclusive partnerships at Bloomingdale's and continued comparable sales growth at Bluemercury; and 7 Table of Contents • Simplify and modernize end-to-end operations: opened new state-of-the-art fulfillment and store replenishment center, China Grove, helping to modernize our supply chain and providing the opportunity to increase accuracy and timeliness of deliveries, reduce delivery costs, invest in growth ambitions and simplify our business model. We plan to continue to make value-enhancing investments to support these initiatives primarily focused on digital and technology, data and analytics, supply chain modernization and omni-channel capabilities. These initiatives have required and will continue to require our management, colleagues and contractors to make changes in our business operations and to improve productivity and profitability, and are subject to the ability to attract and retain skilled personnel to support the initiatives. We face challenges in executing the Bold New Chapter strategy and initiatives in the current environment of heightened inflation, tariffs, economic uncertainty, geopolitical disruption and other macroeconomic conditions that may impact discretionary spending. Our ability to achieve sustainable, profitable growth is subject to the successful implementation of our strategic plans and realization of anticipated benefits and savings. If we are unable to successfully execute our strategic plans and initiatives to achieve the intended results or these investments or initiatives do not perform as expected or create implementation or operational challenges, our profitability and growth could suffer. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations, or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products and services and our market share. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond to evolving trends in demographics and shifts in consumer preferences, expectations and needs. It is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. As customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to collect, use and protect relevant customer data is important to our ability to effectively meet their expectations, but is subject to the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy, security and other external factors. Customer preferences and expectations related to sustainability of products and operations are also increasing. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of or within a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers. Our advertising, marketing and loyalty programs may not be successful. We depend on our advertising, marketing and loyalty programs to increase awareness of our brands and build a personalized customer experience. If these programs are not successful, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our sales and operating results depend on our ability to manage our inventory, merchandise selection and protect against inventory shortage. Our profitability depends on our ability to manage inventory levels and merchandise selection. Overestimating customer demand for merchandise can result in the need to record unplanned and incremental inventory discounts or liquidations and sell excess inventory at clearance prices, negatively impacts our gross margins and operating results. Underestimating customer demand for merchandise can lead to insufficient inventory to meet demands, missed sales opportunities and negative customer experiences. If we are unable to protect against inventory shortage, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. The Company faces significant competition and depends on its ability to differentiate itself in retail ' s ever-changing environment. We conduct our retail merchandising business under highly competitive conditions. Although Macy's, Inc. is one of the nation's largest retailers, we have numerous and varied competitors at the national and local levels and digital competitors at the global level, including department stores, specialty stores, general merchandise stores, manufacturers' outlets and websites, off-price and discount stores, online retailers and catalogs, among others. Competition is characterized by many factors, including assortment, advertising, price, quality, service, location, reputation and credit availability. Any failure by us to compete effectively could negatively affect our business and results of operations. We face pressures to not only compete from a price perspective with our competitors, some of whom sell the same products, but also to differentiate Macy's, Inc.'s merchandise offerings, services and shopping experiences to stay relevant as a modern department store in retail's ever-changing environment. Macy's continues to execute its Bold New Chapter strategy which includes elevating merchandise relevance, evolving its store footprint, investing in the growth areas of the business and modernizing its operating model. Insufficient, untimely or misguided investments in these areas could significantly impact our profitability and growth. We are applying artificial intelligence to how customers discover, shop and engage with our brands through intelligent shopping assistance, agentic commerce and hyper-personalized experience. We are also experimenting with AI in merchandising, planning and marketing to optimize inventory and demand decisions, among other uses. If our competitors are able to deploy AI technology more effectively or faster, we could lose competitive advantage or market share. In addition, a significant decline in customer store traffic or migration of sales from brick-and-mortar stores to digital platforms could lead to additional store closures, restructuring and other costs that could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. 8 Table of Contents Our ability to grow depends in part on our stores remaining relevant and attractive to customers. We have overlayed successful innovations from the First 50 Stores to an additional 75 stores (the "Reimagine 125") as a key component of the Bold New Chapter strategy such as focused staffing in key departments, enhanced merchandise offerings, modern visual presentations and unique store-level activations and community events. We have opened new off-mall smaller store formats – Macy's small format, Bloomie's and Bloomingdale's the Outlet – in selected markets. In 2022, we introduced permanent Toys “R” Us shops within all Macy's locations. While these store investments, off-mall store formats and in-store shops are intended to improve the customer store experience and drive traffic, realization of these benefits may or may not occur. Because we rely on the ability of our physical retail locations to attract customers, provide full or curated merchandise selections, drive traffic to digital channels and assist in fulfillment, returns and other omni-channel functions, providing a desirable and sought-out shopping experience is important to our financial success. Changes in consumer shopping habits, continued decline in mall shopping environments, financial difficulties at other anchor tenants, significant mall vacancy issues, mall violence and new on- and off-mall developments could each adversely impact the traffic at current retail locations and lead to a decline in our financial condition or performance. We may not be able to successfully execute our real estate strategy. We continue to explore opportunities to monetize our real estate portfolio, including sales of stores as well as non-store real estate, such as warehouses, outparcels and parking garages. We also continue to evaluate our real estate portfolio to identify opportunities where the redevelopment value of our real estate exceeds the value of non-strategic operating locations. This strategy is multi-pronged and may include transactions, strategic alliances or other arrangements with developers or other unrelated third-parties. Where feasible, we may subdivide an existing parcel, continue to operate a store and redevelop any excess parcel for mixed-use, or close the store and redevelop an entire parcel into a mixed-use development, in either event selling the parcel once the site development plan is approved by governmental authorities. Due to the cyclical nature of real estate markets and the risks of real estate development, the performance of our real estate strategy is inherently volatile and could have a significant impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Our revenues and cash requirements are affected by the seasonal nature of our business. Our business is seasonal, with a high proportion of revenues and operating cash flows generated during the second half of the year, which includes the fall and the months of November and December. A disproportionate amount of our revenues is realized in the fourth quarter due to this seasonality. Should sales during this period fall below our expectations, a disproportionately negative impact on our annual results of operations could occur. We generally incur significant additional expenses in the period leading up to the months of November and December in anticipation of higher sales volume in those periods, including costs for additional inventory, advertising and employees. If we are not successful in executing our sales strategy during this period, we may have to sell the inventory at significantly reduced prices or may not be able to sell the inventory at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. We depend on our ability to attract, train, develop and retain quality colleagues. Our business is dependent upon attracting, training, developing and retaining quality employees at all levels of the organization, and management personnel to develop and effectively execute successful business strategies. Macy's, Inc. has a large number of employees, many of whom are in entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. Our ability to meet labor needs while controlling costs associated with hiring and training new employees is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation and changing demographics. In recent years, low unemployment, labor shortages, intense competition for talent and a competitive wage environment have impacted our ability to attract, recruit and retain talent. Increases in labor costs and the cost of employee benefits could impact our financial results and cash flow. Minimum wage increases by states and wage and benefit increases to attract and retain workers in a tight labor market have increased labor costs in the retail sector. These increased costs pressure our margins and could have a negative impact on our financial results. Our expenses relating to employee health benefits are significant. Total health care costs have risen over the past several years driven primarily by pharmacy costs, broader medical industry cost increases and demographic shifts to an older enrollment population. Unfavorable changes in the cost of employee health benefits could negatively affect our financial results and cash flow. If revenue from our private label and co-branded credit cards decline, our financial and operational results may be negatively impacted. In 2005, in connection with the sale of most of the Company's credit card accounts and related receivable balances to Citibank, N.A. ("Citibank"), the Company and Citibank entered into a long-term marketing and servicing alliance pursuant to the terms of a Credit Card Program Agreement ("Credit Card Program"). Subsequent to this initial arrangement and associated amendments, on December 13, 2021, the Company entered into the sixth amendment to the amended and restated Credit Card Program with Citibank (the "Program Agreement"), pursuant to which Citibank issues, maintains and 9 Table of Contents services Macy's and Bloomingdale's private label and co-branded credit cards. Under the Program Agreement, which extends until March 31, 2030, Citibank owns the credit card receivables generated from sales through the credit cards and the Company receives fees and shares in profits based on a tiered return on the receivables portfolio net of program expenses. Credit card revenues, net were $669 million, or approximately 3.1% of net sales, for 2025. Deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect the volume of new credit accounts, the amount of credit card program balances and the ability of credit card holders to pay their balances. These conditions could result in the Company receiving lower payments under the credit card program. In addition, shifts from sales through our proprietary credit cards to debit products and alternative buy-now-pay-later payment methods may result in increased costs and could have a negative impact to credit card revenues due to potentially reduced credit card receivable balances. Credit card operations are subject to many federal and state laws that may impose certain requirements and limitations on credit card providers. Citibank and our subsidiary Macy's Credit Operations, LLC, may be required to comply with regulations that may negatively impact the operation of our proprietary credit card. This negative impact may affect our revenue streams derived from the credit cards receivables portfolio and our financial results. In March 2024, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau finalized a rule to amend Regulation Z to lower the safe harbor dollar amount credit card companies can charge for late fees to $8 from the current level of up to $41 for a missed payment. A federal court vacated the rule in April 2025. The Company continues to closely monitor developments on this matter. Our defined benefit plan funding requirements or plan settlement expense could impact our financial results and cash flow. Significant changes in interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets and timing and amount of benefit payments could affect the funded status of our plans and could increase future funding requirements of the plans. A significant increase in future funding requirements could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. These plans allow eligible retiring employees to receive lump sum distributions of benefits earned. Under applicable accounting rules, if annual lump sum distributions exceed an actuarially determined threshold of the total of the annual service and interest costs, we would be required to recognize in the current period of operations a settlement expense of a portion of the unrecognized actuarial loss, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. If our Company's reputation and brand image are not maintained at a high level, our operations and financial results may suffer. We believe our reputation and brand image are partially based on the perception that we act equitably and honestly in dealing with our customers, employees, business partners and shareholders. Our reputation and brand image may be deteriorated by any incident that erodes the trust or confidence of our customers or the general public, particularly if the incident results in significant adverse publicity or governmental inquiry. Information about us, whether or not true, may be instantly posted on social media platforms at any time, which could adversely impact our reputation or brand image. The harm could be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Other brand risks include an active shooter incident at a location or injury or death at a parade or other branded event. If our reputation or brand image is damaged, our customers may refuse to continue shopping with us, potential employees may be unwilling to work for us, business partners may be discouraged from seeking future business dealings with us and, as a result, our business and results of operations may suffer. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our brands and business could be damaged. We believe that our copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, trade secrets and similar intellectual property are important assets and key elements of our strategy, including those related to our private brand merchandise. We rely on copyright and trademark law, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors and others to protect our proprietary rights. If the steps we take to protect our proprietary rights are inadequate, or if we are unable to protect or preserve the value of our copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other proprietary rights for any reason, our merchandise brands and business could be negatively affected. Infrastructure Risks Unforeseen disruptions in our distribution and fulfillment centers could have an adverse impact on our business and operations. Our business depends on the orderly receipt and distribution of merchandise and effective management of our distribution and fulfillment centers. Unforeseen disruptions in operations due to fire, severe weather conditions (including those that may be caused by climate change), natural disasters, health pandemics or other catastrophic events, labor disagreements, or other shipping problems may result in the loss or unavailability of inventory and/or delays in the delivery of merchandise to our stores, fulfillment centers and customers. Failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business. 10 Table of Contents We rely extensively on information technology systems and related personnel to collect, analyze, process, store, manage, transmit and protect transactions and data. Some of these systems are managed or provided by third-party service providers, including certain cloud platform providers. In managing our business, we also rely heavily on the integrity and security of, and consistent access to, this operational and financial data for information such as sales, customer data, employee data, demand forecasting, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment, supply chain management, payment processing, order fulfillment, customer service and post-purchase matters. For these information technology systems, applications and processes to operate effectively, we or our service providers must maintain and update them. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading or patching of these systems, applications or processes could impair, and on occasion have impaired, their effectiveness or expose us to security risks. Our systems and the third-party systems with which we interact are subject to, and on occasion have experienced, damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power and other critical infrastructure outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, internal or external data theft or misuse, cyberattacks, responsive containment measures by us that may involve voluntarily taking systems off line, natural disasters and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes or other extreme weather events, public health concerns such as pandemics, military conflicts, acts of war, terrorism or civil unrest, other systems outages, inadequate or ineffective redundancy and design or usage errors or malfeasance by our employees, contractors or third-party service providers. Although we and our third-party service providers seek to maintain our respective systems effectively and to successfully address the risk of compromise of the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, these efforts are not always successful. As a result, we or our service providers could experience errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service in key portions of our information technology infrastructure, which could significantly disrupt our operations or impair data security, impact our ability to operate or access communications, financial or banking systems, be costly, time consuming and resource-intensive to remedy and adversely impact our reputation and relationship with customers, suppliers, shareholders or regulators. We are making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems, infrastructure and personnel, in some cases with the assistance of strategic partners and other third-party service providers. These investments involve replacing existing systems, some of which are older, legacy systems, outsourcing certain technology and business processes to third-party service providers, including the adoption of generative and agentic artificial intelligence ("AI") in certain processes, making changes to existing systems including the migration of applications to the cloud, maintaining or enhancing legacy systems, or designing or acquiring new systems. These efforts can result in significant potential risks, including failure of the systems to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data, changes in security processes and internal controls, cost overruns, implementation delays or errors and disruption of operations. 11 Table of Contents AI creates business, legal and ethical challenges. We use AI as a tool designed to improve customer experience and operational efficiency. AI tools assist us in areas such as customer service, supply chain, personalization, coding, human resources queries, security, marketing and advertising. We include AI in our mandatory compliance training, maintain guidelines requiring internal review and approval for certain AI tools and monitor AI systems for proper functioning. Even with careful governance, use of AI can produce incorrect output, release private or confidential personal or business information used to train models, create algorithmic bias and unintentional discrimination, or generate output that violates intellectual property rights of others. The autonomous nature of agentic AI may present challenges in aligning with current AI governance, including testing protocols, and increase risk that agents may learn to circumvent guardrails. We also face uncertainty regarding evolving federal or state regulation of AI. These risks could have adverse business, legal or regulatory impact or harm our reputation. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our digital retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. Through our information technology systems, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms. We use our digital platforms as sales channels for our products and services, as methods of providing inspiration and advertising through Macy's Media Network and as sources of product and other relevant information to our customers to help drive sales. We also have multiple online communities, digital platforms and knowledge centers that allow us to inform, assist and interact with our customers. The retail industry is continually evolving and expanding, with a significant increase in sales initiated online and via mobile applications. We must effectively respond to new developments and changing customer preferences with respect to a digital and interconnected experience. We continually seek to enhance our online and digital properties to provide an attractive, user-friendly interface for our customers. Disruptions, delays, failures or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, or a failure of these systems to meet our or our customers' expectations, could impair the benefits they provide to our business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers and, as a result, our financial performance and results of operations. Information Security, Cybersecurity, Privacy and Data Management Risks A breach of our information technology systems could adversely affect our reputation, business partner and customer relationships and operations and result in higher costs. Through our sales, marketing activities and use of third-party information, we collect and store certain non-public personal information that customers provide to purchase products or services, enroll in promotional programs, register on websites, or otherwise communicate to us. This may include phone numbers, driver license numbers, contact preferences, personal information stored on electronic devices and payment information, including credit and debit card data. We gather and retain information about employees in the normal course of business. We may share sensitive Company data with vendors that assist with certain aspects of our business, such as social media and data analytics firms. In addition, our digital operations depend upon the transmission of confidential information over the internet, such as information permitting cashless payments. We employ safeguards for the protection of this information and have made significant investments to secure access to our information technology network, the importance of which has increased due to many of our colleagues working remotely. For instance, we have implemented authentication protocols, installed firewalls and anti-virus/anti-malware software, established data security breach preparedness and response plans, conduct continuous risk assessments and mitigate software vulnerability with security patches. We also employ encryption and other methods to protect our data, promote security awareness with our employees and work with business partners in an effort to create secure and compliant systems. Protections we have in place to safeguard this information may be compromised as a result of third-party security breaches, theft, cyberattacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, spyware, denial of service attacks and ransomware errors by employees or employees of third-party vendors, or contractors, misappropriation of data by employees, vendors or unaffiliated third-parties, or other irregularities that may result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to Company data. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception to employees, contractors, vendors and temporary staff. Retail data frequently targeted by cybercriminals includes consumer credit card data, personally identifiable information, including social security numbers and health care information. For retailers, point of sale and e-commerce websites are often attacked through compromised credentials, including those obtained through phishing, vishing and credential stuffing. Other methods of attack include advanced malware, the exploitation of software and operating vulnerabilities and physical device tampering/skimming at card reader units. We believe these attack methods will continue to evolve. In addition, AI tools may provide hackers with more sophisticated methods of cyberattacks. Cyber threats are increasing in scope, sophistication and frequency and bad actors are exploiting vulnerabilities to gain access to networks for the purpose of implementing ransomware, which is used to encrypt and steal data both from main and backup systems and causes public-facing business interruptions. Our ability to react, mitigate and restore services from an interruption of our systems and processes is key to avoiding adverse financial impacts resulting from loss of sales, services and the cost of paying a ransom. 12 Table of Contents Remote work has also created additional challenges to our ability to protect remote workers, corporate networks and cloud environments. We are identifying, tracking and mitigating advanced phishing, malware and attempted credential compromises daily. These attacks are typically occurring on home networks and migrate to the corporate network. However, despite instituting controls for the protection of information, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service change frequently and our systems and networks may nevertheless remain vulnerable to threats and attacks. To date, no cybersecurity incident or attack has had a material impact on our business or results of operations. During the normal course of business, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience attempts to compromise our information systems. We may be unable to protect the integrity of our systems or company data. An alleged or actual unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure of non-public personal information could: • materially damage our reputation and brand, negatively affect customer satisfaction and loyalty, expose us to individual claims or consumer class actions, administrative, civil or criminal investigations or actions and infringe on proprietary information; and • cause us to incur substantial costs, including costs associated with remediation of information technology systems, customer protection costs and incentive payments for the maintenance of business relationships, litigation costs, lost revenues resulting from negative changes in consumer shopping patterns, unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack. While we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be unavailable or insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in the continually evolving area of cyber risk. Supply Chain and Third-Party Risks We depend on vendors and other sources of merchandise, goods and services outside the U.S. Our business has been and could in the future continue to be affected by disruptions in, or other legal, regulatory, political, economic or public health issues associated with, our supply network. We depend on vendors for timely and efficient access to products we sell. We source the majority of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the U.S., primarily Asia. In the normal course of business, we provide credit enhancement to our vendors to support accounts receivable factoring and financing with third parties. Current economic conditions may adversely impact our vendors and they may be unable to access financing or become insolvent and unable to supply us with products, or we may be required to increase cash collateral levels or provide guarantees to support our vendors' financing arrangements. Any major changes in tax policy, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for imported merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and liquidity. We have experienced delays in merchandise inventory receipts and product delivery due to a shortage of vessels and air freight, port congestion, worker shortage impacting shipping and ports, truck driver shortages, rail congestion at major freight hubs and increased demand for consumer goods. Although these delays have not materially impacted our operations to date, they could potentially have a material adverse impact on future product availability, product mix and sales if the delays escalate. We have also experienced increases in shipping rates from Trans-Pacific ocean carriers due to increases in spot market rates and shortage of shipping capacity from China and other parts of Asia and increases in trucking costs due to truck driver shortages and fuel costs. The procurement of all our goods and services is subject to the effects of price increases, which we may or may not be able to pass through to our customers. Our procurement of goods and services from outside the U.S. is subject to risks associated with political or financial instability, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates, transport capacity and costs, health pandemics, armed conflicts and other factors relating to foreign trade. All of these factors may affect our ability to access suitable merchandise on acceptable terms, are beyond our control and could negatively affect our business and results of operations. We source certain of our private label products from factories in China, Vietnam, India, Indonesia, Jordan and other countries. Since 2017, the U.S. and China have been engaged in a trade dispute that has involved a number of actions against China including the imposition of tariffs on Chinese imports; sanctions on Chinese military-industrial complex companies; stricter reviews of direct investments in the U.S. by Chinese companies; and detention by U.S. Customs of products made in Xinjiang involving alleged human rights violations, which have or may prompt countersanctions or other retaliatory actions from the Chinese government. In addition, differing policies on China–Taiwan and the Russia–Ukraine war have further strained relations between the countries. These geopolitical, trade and investment tensions have created additional uncertainty and increased risk in doing business in China, including potential supply disruptions and higher costs of our products sourced or imported from China. Since February 2025, the Trump Administration has imposed tariffs on products imported from more than 90 countries including Canada, Mexico, China and other United States trading partners. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the “reciprocal” and “fentanyl trafficking” tariffs, ruling the International Emergency Economic Powers Act does not authorize the President to impose those tariffs. In response, President Trump imposed a 150-day 10% tariff on imported goods and indicated it may be increased to 15%. The prior tariffs have had, and the new tariffs are expected to have a negative impact on our gross margin and could lead to selective price increases across our product categories. In addition, volatility in tariff rates and trade policy is creating uncertainty among businesses and consumers that may negatively impact demand for consumer discretionary products and contribute to a heightened competitive promotional landscape. 13 Table of Contents We continue to evaluate the impact of currently effective tariffs and potential future tariffs, as well as other recent changes in foreign trade policy and the U.S. Administration on our supply chain, costs, sales and profitability, and are working through strategies to mitigate such impact, including reviewing sourcing options and working with our vendors and merchants. At this time, it is unknown how long U.S. tariffs on Chinese and other goods will remain in effect or whether additional tariffs will be imposed. Depending upon their duration and implementation, as well as our ability to mitigate their impact, these changes in foreign trade policy and any recently enacted, proposed and future tariffs on products imported by us from China, as well as general uncertainty in the tariff environment, could negatively impact our business, results of operations and liquidity if they seriously disrupt the movement of products through our supply chain or increase their cost. If our vendors, or any raw material vendors on which our vendors or our private label business relies, suffer prolonged manufacturing or transportation disruptions due to public health conditions or other unforeseen events, our ability to source product could be adversely impacted which would adversely affect our results of operations. Disruption of global sourcing activities and quality and other concerns over our own brands could negatively impact brand reputation and earnings. Economic and civil unrest in areas of the world where we source products, as well as shipping and dockage issues, could adversely impact the availability or cost of our products, or both. Most of the Company's goods imported to the U.S. arrive from Asia through ports located on the U.S. west coast and are subject to potential disruption due to labor unrest or shortages, security issues or natural disasters affecting any or all of these ports. In addition, in recent years, we have increased the number and types of merchandise that are sold under the Company's proprietary brands. While we have focused on the quality of our private brand products, we rely on third-parties to manufacture these products. Such third-party manufacturers may prove to be unreliable, the quality of our globally sourced products may vary from expectations and standards, the products may not meet applicable regulatory requirements which may require us to recall these products, or the products may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third-parties. We face challenges in seeking indemnities from manufacturers of these products, including the uncertainty of recovering on such indemnity. We also face concerns relating to human rights, working conditions and other labor rights, and conditions and environmental impact in factories or countries where merchandise that we sell is produced, as well as concerns about transparent sourcing and supply chains. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with laws and regulations relating to production of merchandise, doing business in foreign countries and importing merchandise, and to screen, train and monitor our private label vendors to confirm safe and ethical treatment of workers in our supply chain, there can be no assurance that our vendors and other third parties with whom we do business will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies, which could lead to reputational harm and could expose us to litigation, investigations, enforcement actions, monetary liability and additional costs that could adversely impact our reputation, results of operations and business. Material disruptions in relationships with third-parties with whom the Company does business could adversely affect its operations. The Company is a party to contracts, transactions and business relationships with various third parties, including suppliers, service providers, lenders and participants in joint ventures, strategic alliances and other commercial relationships. In some cases, we depend upon such third parties to provide products, services, advertising, technology infrastructure, development and support, data analytics, logistics, other goods and services to operate our business in the ordinary course, extensions of credit, credit card accounts and related receivables and other matters. Furthermore, third-party vendors may sell products directly to consumers in addition to, or in some cases in lieu of, traditional wholesale channels such as independent stores and retail chains. As our business model depends on offering quality and relevant merchandise brands from third-party vendors in addition to our own private label products, any material disruption in our relationship with such vendors, or material disruption in the products or services provided by other third parties, could adversely affect our revenues, expense structure, earnings and operations. Economic, Global, Legal and External Risks The Company's business is subject to discretionary consumer spending, unfavorable economic and political conditions and other related risks. Our sales are significantly affected by changes in discretionary spending by consumers. Consumer spending may be affected by many factors outside of our control, including general economic conditions, consumer disposable income levels, consumer confidence levels, the availability, cost and level of consumer debt, consumer behaviors towards incurring and paying debt, the cost of basic necessities and other goods, the strength of the U.S. Dollar relative to foreign currencies and the effects of the weather, natural disasters or health pandemics. Th