Item 1. Business Overview Launched in 2017, Hims & Hers Health, Inc. (and together with its subsidiaries, “Hims & Hers”, the “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”) has built a consumer-first platform transforming the way customers fulfill their health and wellness needs. We believe that the Company has the technical infrastructure, distributed provider network, and access to clinical capabilities to lead the migration of routine office visits to a personalized, digital, accessible format. The Hims & Hers platforms (collectively, our “platform”) include access to a highly-qualified and technologically-innovative provider network, an electronic medical record system designed to support providers and customers, digital prescriptions, cloud pharmacy fulfillment, and personalization capabilities. Our digital platform enables access to treatments for a broad range of chronic conditions, including those related to sexual health, hair loss, hormone health, weight loss, dermatology, and mental health, as well as services such as comprehensive laboratory testing. Hims & Hers connects patients to licensed healthcare professionals who can prescribe medications when appropriate, including through personalized treatment plans, with prescriptions fulfilled online through licensed pharmacies. In addition, we also offer access to a range of non-prescription health and wellness products. Through the Hims & Hers mobile applications, consumers can access a range of educational programs, wellness content, community support, and other services that promote lifelong health and wellness. Since our founding, we have facilitated over fifty million telehealth consultations, enabling greater access to high-quality, convenient, affordable, personalized care for people in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the European Union (in Germany, the Republic of Ireland, France, and Spain). The mission of Hims & Hers is to help the world feel great through the power of better health. To fulfill this mission, our business strategy and market differentiation are centered around our trusted brand, innovative products and services, leading technology, and clinical excellence. • We work to build a brand that is trusted by our customers, easy to use, and normalizes the practice of seeking and receiving treatment by empowering our customers with access to proactive, personalized care and an omnichannel experience. • The Hims & Hers platform offers a streamlined, personalized patient and clinician experience that includes access to consistent follow-up care, facilitated by proprietary algorithms and a customizable and integrated technology stack. • We can leverage insights and feedback from our platform and offerings to offer access to personalized prescription and non-prescription treatments that are designed to meet individual needs. • At the foundation of our broader platform is the consumer trust we establish through our clinical excellence. Care accessed through the Hims & Hers platform is subject to evidence-based clinical guidelines and delivered by highly-trained licensed healthcare providers to ensure consistency and quality. Our medical advisory board helps ensure the utmost quality of care on our platform. With these measures in place, we are able to deliver access to quality care and treatment that is fast and convenient. Business Strategy We are a consumer-first health and wellness platform focused on providing access to modern personalized health and wellness solutions to consumers. We offer access to a range of health and wellness products and services available for customers to purchase through our websites and mobile applications. The offerings generally focus on conditions where treatment typically involves use of prescription medication on a recurring basis and ongoing care from healthcare providers. We offer access to certain prescription generic, brand-name and compounded medications, including certain sterile compounded medications. The majority of prescriptions for these medications are fulfilled through our wholly-owned pharmacies (“Pharmacies”). We also offer over-the-counter drug and device products and cosmetics and supplement products, which are primarily focused on general wellness, skincare, sexual health and wellness, and hair care. We offer many of these over-the-counter products through retail partnerships, in stores, and online. The over-the-counter drug and device products and some of the cosmetics and supplement products we sell are “white-labeled” products, where we sell the manufacturer-developed product under the Hims & Hers brand name or co-branded along with the manufacturer’s brand. Several cosmetics and supplement products have been developed by us in partnership with the applicable manufacturers. For these products, the manufacturer develops the formulation with input from the internal Hims & Hers Product Research & Development team. 2 Table of Contents In addition to prescription medications and over-the-counter products, we offer access to laboratory testing services to measure a broad set of biomarkers, which are designed to support health assessment, early identification of potential risks, and ongoing clinical management by healthcare providers on our platform. Many of the offerings on our websites and mobile applications are sold to customers on a subscription basis. Subscription plans provide a seamless way for customers to get the ongoing treatment they need while simultaneously providing us with predictability through a recurring revenue stream. For subscription plans, in addition to a 30-day cadence or treatment term, we offer customers the ability to select from a range of shipment cadences or treatment terms, from every 60 days to 360 days, depending on the offering. The customer is billed on a recurring basis based on the selected cadence and a specified quantity of product is shipped at each billing. Customers can cancel or snooze subscriptions in accordance with our Terms and Conditions agreed to by customers to stop receiving additional products and can reactivate subscriptions to continue receiving additional products. Our integrated technology platform allows us to serve our customers efficiently from start to finish: initially from customer discovery and purchase of offerings on our websites and mobile applications, to connecting customers with medical providers for telehealth consultations, to the fulfillment and delivery of customer orders, and finally through ongoing clinical management by medical providers. We believe this technology-driven efficiency provides cost advantages that allow us to offer customers affordable prices and to generate robust gross margins. We acquire new customers and drive brand awareness through various marketing channels, including social media, online search, television, radio, other media channels, presence in brick-and-mortar retail stores, and physical brand advertising campaigns. We intend to continue to invest in growth in our current offerings and additionally in new products and services. The Hims & Hers platform is purpose-built to scale efficiently and to accommodate the seamless addition of new products and services. As we implement our product roadmap, we expect to grow revenue through additional subscription-based recurring revenue offerings. Growth Opportunities Continue to acquire more customers Our brand awareness and innovative, personalized products are core to our ability to attract new customers. Customers serve as ambassadors for the Hims & Hers brand, further driving organic growth through word of mouth and user-generated content. The majority of our first-time customers to date indicate that they came to Hims & Hers to learn about and find options for their condition and are seeking treatment for their particular conditions for the first time. The convenience of our websites and mobile applications allows us to reduce stigma and access-related barriers that frequently prevent consumers from seeking medical care, expanding our market opportunity. Organic growth is enhanced by sophisticated omnichannel acquisition strategies meant to target future customers with condition-specific on-ramps at profitable returns on investment. In particular, our media advertising campaigns have further amplified brand visibility, efficiently reaching potential customers and increasing awareness of the products and services we make available. Based on externally reported data, we believe our market share in the digital health and wellness space, both in terms of number of customers and total sales, has increased in recent years. As our portfolio of products and services grows across specialties, we believe that our market presence and brand recognition will continue to expand, driving more consumers to seek out Hims & Hers for future healthcare needs. Grow within existing customer base We believe our expanded offerings that include more personalized products and clinical experiences across a broader range of conditions provide a large opportunity for us to grow our revenue within our existing customer base. Through ongoing robust customer engagement, we have the ability to deliver longer-term subscription adoption and drive more cross-sell opportunities. Expansion into new specialties and access to proactive care We are pursuing a roadmap of rapid specialty expansion into new conditions that can be appropriately addressed via telehealth, require ongoing and recurring customer relationships, and generally for which generic medication has been established as an effective means of treatment. For example, in 2025, we launched access to certain testosterone, menopause, and perimenopause support offerings. Future care opportunities that show high prevalence within our existing customer base and offer traits similar to our existing specialties in terms of business model characteristics include sleep disorders, post-traumatic stress disorder, 3 Table of Contents fertility, diabetes, cholesterol, and hypertension, which we believe represent significant opportunities. Given the prevalence of these conditions, we see a large market opportunity for our current and future offerings. We are also advancing initiatives to support a more proactive and preventative care model through expanded screening, testing, and data-driven capabilities designed to make care more accessible and convenient. For example, in 2025, we launched comprehensive laboratory testing to help individuals identify potential health concerns earlier. By integrating these capabilities into our digital platform and leveraging partnerships and strategic investments, we aim to lower barriers to screening and testing, support more personalized and continuous care pathways, and lay the foundation for expanded preventative care offerings over time. Leverage existing capabilities and continue to expand capabilities to penetrate new sales channels and further improve operations Our Pharmacies include two licensed 503A pharmacies and two pharmacies licensed by the UK General Pharmaceutical Council (“GPhC”). Our facilities include a licensed 503B compounding outsourcing facility (our “Outsourcing Facility”), a peptide manufacturing facility (the “Peptide Facility”), and a laboratory testing services facility (the “Lab Facility”). The facilities and operations of our Pharmacies, Outsourcing Facility, Peptide Facility, and Lab Facility are sometimes referred to collectively herein as our “Facilities”. We believe our Facilities enable seamless drug delivery and supply chain oversight, and drive increased operating leverage across the platform by allowing us to further personalize and consolidate shipping of orders as well as expand capabilities quickly for adjacent and other new conditions. In addition, the Facilities allow us to lower our cost structure by reducing some of the costs typically associated with contractual third-party pharmacy relationships. We believe these integrated capabilities also provide greater flexibility, speed to market, and quality control as we continue to scale and broaden our product and service offerings. Expand into new geographies We view international expansion as a core pillar of our long-term growth strategy. Our digital-first, cloud-based platform and trusted consumer brand are designed to scale efficiently across geographies, languages, and regulatory environments. Outside of the United States, we have established operations in the United Kingdom, parts of the European Union, and Canada, demonstrating the adaptability of our model and our ability to localize offerings while maintaining a consistent, high-quality consumer experience. Building on this foundation, we intend to continue expanding our global footprint through a combination of organic investment and disciplined, strategic partnerships and acquisitions, focusing on markets where our platform can meaningfully improve access to personalized, direct-to-consumer care. For example, in February 2026, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire Eucalyptus, an Australia-based digital health company that operates in Australia, the United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, and Japan. The acquisition is expected to close in the middle of 2026. As we scale internationally, we will continue to emphasize building durable local presences supported by centralized corporate resources, data, and operational capabilities. We believe this approach positions us to extend our reach globally and deliver a more accessible, personalized healthcare experience to consumers around the world. Affiliated Medical Groups, Providers, Health System Partnerships, and Partner Pharmacies Affiliated Medical Groups and Providers Due to the prohibition on the corporate practice of medicine adopted by a majority of states in the U.S., we have contractual arrangements with Affiliated Medical Groups to enable their provision of clinical services to our customers. “Affiliated Medical Groups” are separate professional corporations or other professional entities owned solely by licensed physicians and that engage licensed healthcare professionals to provide telehealth consultations and related services, including applicable physician supervision of nurse practitioners and physician assistants. While we are prohibited from owning a professional entity such as any of the Affiliated Medical Groups, the Affiliated Medical Groups were incorporated and established with our assistance for the specific purpose of providing clinical services to patients through the Hims & Hers platform and have no other operations or activities outside of the provision of services through the Hims & Hers platform. 4 Table of Contents The Affiliated Medical Groups contract with or employ physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, and behavioral health providers (each, a “Provider”) to provide telehealth consultations and related services on the Hims & Hers platform in the U.S. We enter into certain contractual agreements with the Affiliated Medical Groups and their physician owners, including administrative services agreements and continuity agreements, under which we serve as an administrative services manager for the Affiliated Medical Groups for the non-clinical aspects of their operations and receive a fixed administrative fee from each Affiliated Medical Group for these services. The administrative services and support we provide include IT products and support, including the Hims & Hers platform and electronic medical record system, billing and collection services, non-clinical personnel, customer service support, administrative support for provider credentialing and quality assurance, and other non-clinical items and services, including access to a line of credit we make available to the Affiliated Medical Groups as necessary to support their operations. The Affiliated Medical Groups retain sole control of clinical decision-making and the practice of medicine. We are the exclusive administrative services provider for the Affiliated Medical Groups, and the Affiliated Medical Groups provide services to patients exclusively through the Hims & Hers platform. Our arrangements with the Affiliated Medical Groups generally have initial ten-year terms with renewal options. These arrangements are reviewed and updated periodically to address changing regulatory or market conditions. No equivalent prohibition on the corporate practice of medicine exists in the United Kingdom or the Republic of Ireland. Accordingly, with respect to our operations in the United Kingdom and European Union, we directly employ physicians through our UK and Irish subsidiaries. All clinicians employed by or contracted through our UK and Irish subsidiaries to provide telehealth consultations and related services are registered with the applicable professional regulatory body for medical practitioners. In Canada, some but not all of the provinces prohibit the corporate practice of medicine. Accordingly, with respect to our operations in Canada, we primarily engage nurse practitioners as independent contractors to provide services on the Hims & Hers platform. In Ontario, where the corporate practice of medicine is not prohibited, we engage certain physicians as independent contractors. Health System Partnerships The strength of the Hims & Hers brand affords us numerous opportunities to partner with and offer new solutions to help transform existing healthcare stakeholders. We have relationships with leading health systems in the U.S. including, as of December 31, 2025, Ochsner Health, Mount Sinai Health System, Carbon Health, ChristianaCare Health System, and Hartford Healthcare to provide a clinically focused, telehealth-enabled patient care collaboration. These relationships offer our customers access to applicable in-person care within these systems to enhance their overall healthcare experience. These collaborations, which are intended to help Hims & Hers customers obtain in-person care not accessible through the Hims & Hers platform, do not involve any monetary exchange, compensation, or other financial incentives between the parties. Partner Pharmacies In addition to fulfilling orders through the Pharmacies, we maintain contractual arrangements with various licensed pharmacies (sometimes referred to herein as “Partner Pharmacies”) for fulfillment and distribution of certain prescription and non-prescription products available through the Hims & Hers platform. We are generally not bound by any exclusivity or minimum order requirements with respect to our use of any Partner Pharmacy, and have the ability to utilize other pharmacies, including our Pharmacies, at our discretion. The contractual arrangements with the Partner Pharmacies are typically for fixed terms with automatic renewals, subject to standard termination rights of the parties. The Partner Pharmacies’ rates are fixed in the contractual arrangements and changes require the mutual agreement of the parties. Platform Partners As part of our acquisition of Zava, we have also acquired established partnerships with Asda Stores Limited and Superdrug Stores PLC in the United Kingdom. Zava UK operates an online doctor service via its own website as well as through the online platforms of Asda and Superdrug. Under these arrangements, Zava UK’s clinical and customer service staff are responsible for handling treatment requests and providing telehealth consultations for Asda and Superdrug customers. Dispensing and dispatching of medicines prescribed through these services is carried out directly by Asda and Superdrug’s respective pharmacy operations. 5 Table of Contents Regulatory Environment As a consumer-focused health and wellness company delivering comprehensive telehealth services and access to health and wellness products such as prescription drugs (including compounded drugs), over-the-counter drugs and devices, cosmetics, and dietary supplements, in addition to the typical legal and regulatory considerations faced by a technology-based company, we are required to comply with complex healthcare laws and regulations, and consumer protection laws and regulations, all at both the state and federal level. Our business and operations are subject to extensive regulation, including with respect to the practice of medicine, the use of telehealth, relationships with healthcare providers, privacy and security of personal health information, product safety and pharmacy operations. Regulatory and/or legal enforcement actions by the Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”), Department of Health and Human Services, or other international, federal, state, or foreign enforcement authorities could have material adverse consequences on our business or its operations. Government regulation of healthcare generally and insurance We and other healthcare companies are subject to significant government regulation both within and outside of the United States. Healthcare-related businesses are subject to a broad array of governmental regulation. Among other things, these regulatory frameworks govern the provision of healthcare and telehealth services, compounding practices, the sale and distribution of prescription products, data protection and privacy, consumer protection, and marketing practices. The scope, applicability, and enforcement of these regulations vary by jurisdiction and by business model. In particular, the application of third-party reimbursement and insurance-related regulation varies based on the structure of our operations in each market. In Canada, certain of our offerings are subject to limited public or private drug coverage, which is applied by the dispensing pharmacy at the point of sale, and pharmacy participation in such programs may be subject to eligibility, billing, documentation, audit, pricing, or coverage requirements. As a result, changes to, or restrictions on, these reimbursement programs or pharmacy participation could affect customer access to, or pricing of, certain products in Canada. By contrast, in the United States and other international markets, we currently accept payments only from our customers—not any third-party payors, such as government healthcare programs or health insurers. Because of this approach, we are not subject to many of the laws and regulations that impact other participants in the healthcare industry in these jurisdictions. If we begin accepting reimbursement payments from insurance providers or other third-party payors such as a government program in these jurisdictions, we will become subject to some of these additional healthcare laws and regulations. Maintaining compliance with government regulations may require us to modify our operations, incur additional costs, or limit our ability to offer access to certain products or services. In addition, the healthcare industry is subject to changing political, economic and regulatory influences that may affect health and wellness companies like Hims & Hers. During the past several years, the healthcare industry has been subject to increased governmental regulation and potential disruption due to legislative initiatives and government regulation, as well as judicial interpretations thereof, and changes in regulatory policy and leadership. If regulators assert broader authority over companies like us, or if we accept payment from and/or participate in third-party payor programs in additional jurisdictions in the future, the complexity of our operations and our compliance obligations will materially increase. 6 Table of Contents Government regulation of the practice of medicine and telehealth The practice of medicine is subject to various federal, state, and local certification, registration, and licensing laws, regulations, approvals and standards, relating to, among other things, the qualifications of the provider, the practice of medicine (including specific requirements when providing health care utilizing telehealth technologies and the provision of remote care), the continuity and adequacy of medical care, the maintenance of medical records, the supervision of personnel, the liability coverage of the provider, and the prerequisites for the prescription of medication and ordering of tests. Because the practice of telehealth is relatively new and rapidly developing, regulation of telehealth is evolving and the application, interpretation and enforcement of these laws, regulations and standards can be uncertain or uneven. In the United Kingdom, the provision of telehealth services is a “regulated activity,” requiring registration with the Care Quality Commission (CQC) in England, and equivalent healthcare regulatory bodies in other devolved regions of the United Kingdom. In Canada, telehealth is similarly a “regulated activity,” which is regulated at the provincial and territorial level and subject to applicable healthcare statutes, regulations, and professional standards administered by the relevant provincial and territorial health regulatory colleges and authorities. Similarly, the ability of the Pharmacies to fulfill prescriptions and distribute pharmaceutical products, including compounded pharmaceutical products, is dependent upon the laws that govern licensed pharmacies and the fulfillment and distribution of prescription medication and other pharmaceutical products, which include in some cases requirements relating to telehealth. As a result, we must continually monitor legislative, regulatory, and judicial developments regarding the practice of medicine, telehealth and pharmaceutical laws in order to support the Affiliated Medical Groups, the telehealth operations of our subsidiaries and the Pharmacies. Physicians, mid-level providers (e.g., physician assistants, nurse practitioners), and behavioral health providers who provide professional clinical services via telehealth must, in most instances, hold a valid license to provide the applicable pr