Item 1A. Risk Factors A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business and ownership of our Class A common stock is set forth below. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including the risks described below. See “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Summary of Principal Risk Factors • We have experienced rapid growth in recent fiscal years and expect to continue to invest in our growth for the foreseeable future. High levels of growth may not be achieved in future periods and may not generate a corresponding improvement in our results of operations. • We may not be able to maintain our profitability. • Our results of operations, as well as the performance of our key metrics, may fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may result in us failing to meet the expectations of industry and securities analysts or our investors. • If we are unable to expand or maintain the scope of our offerings, including the number and type of products and services that we offer, the number and quality of Providers serving our customers, and the number and types of conditions capable of being treated through our platform, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. • If we are unable to successfully market to new customers and retain existing customers, or if evolving privacy, healthcare, or other laws or regulations prevent or limit our marketing activities, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 17 Table of Contents • We operate in highly competitive markets and face competition from large, well-established healthcare providers, traditional retailers, pharmaceutical providers and technology companies with significant resources, and, as a result, we may not be able to compete effectively. • Our brand is integral to our success. If we fail to effectively maintain, promote, and enhance our brand in a cost-effective manner, our business and competitive advantage may be harmed. • If the Affiliated Medical Groups are unable to attract and retain high-quality Providers to perform services on our platform, or if we are unable to develop or maintain satisfactory relationships with these Providers or the Affiliated Medical Groups, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. • Acquisitions and investments could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other harmful consequences that may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, if we are not able to identify and successfully acquire suitable businesses, our results of operations and prospects could be harmed. • Expansion into international markets is important for our growth, and as we expand internationally, we will face additional business, political, legal, regulatory, operational, financial, and economic risks, any of which could increase our costs and hinder such growth. • We operate in a highly regulated, dynamic environment and are subject to an increasing number of laws and regulations as a result of the various components of our existing business, including telehealth, pharmacy, and compounding, our expansion into new areas such as peptide development and laboratory testing services and operations, and our expansion into new markets. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and/or governmental regulations, we could face substantial penalties, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, and we may be required to restructure our operations. • We have been, and in the future may be, subject to actions and public statements by U.S. federal and state government officials and agencies, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. • From time to time we are subject to legal and regulatory proceedings and inquiries in the ordinary course of business, which can include intellectual property disputes or claims relating to our marketing or sale of products, any of which may be costly to defend and could materially harm our business and results of operations. • Disruption to our global supply chain, including as a result of evolving laws and regulations, can impact our operations in ways that may be difficult to predict or control, may require us to modify or discontinue certain supplier relationships, sourcing strategies, or operational processes, and may result in delays in product availability, increased costs for compliance or alternative sourcing, or the need to shift to different third-party partners. The breadth and scale of our operations increase the complexity and extent of our compliance and regulatory obligations. • If any of our Facilities are unable to obtain and/or maintain necessary licenses and permits, or if any of the Facilities or our operations fail to comply with applicable laws and regulatory requirements, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. • Evolving government regulations and enforcement activities may require increased costs or adversely affect our results of operations. • Security breaches, loss of data, and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business or customers, or prevent us from accessing critical information and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation. • We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. • Our dual class common stock structure has the effect of concentrating voting power with our Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder, Andrew Dudum, which limits an investor’s ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. • The market price of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. 18 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Business We have experienced rapid growth in recent fiscal years and expect to continue to invest in our growth for the foreseeable future. High levels of growth may not be achieved in future periods and may not generate a corresponding improvement in our results of operations. We have experienced a period of rapid growth in our revenue, operations and headcount in recent fiscal years. We grew our revenue from $872.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, to $1,476.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, to $2,347.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2025. Our number of employees has also increased significantly over the last few years, from 1,046 employees as of December 31, 2023 to 2,442 employees as of December 31, 2025. We have also completed multiple acquisitions, expanded into new specialties, geographies, and markets, and significantly increased the size of our customer base. We have encountered and will continue to encounter significant risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing and heavily regulated industries, such as attracting new customers and Providers to our platform, retaining our customers and encouraging them to utilize new offerings we make available, increasing the number of conditions that can be treated by Providers through our platform, operating our Facilities and the compounding and distribution of pharmaceutical products, competition from other companies, including online healthcare providers and traditional healthcare providers, hiring, integrating, training, and retaining skilled personnel, verifying the identity of customers and credentials of Providers serving our customers, developing new solutions, determining prices for our solutions, unforeseen expenses, challenges in forecasting accuracy, and new or adverse regulatory developments affecting the use of telehealth, pharmaceutical products or operations, including compounding, data privacy, use of artificial intelligence, peptide development, laboratory testing services or other aspects of the healthcare industry. Additional risks include our ability to effectively manage growth and process, store, protect, and use personal data in compliance with governmental regulation, contractual obligations, and other legal obligations related to privacy and security. If our assumptions regarding these and other similar risks and uncertainties that relate to our business, which we use to plan our business, are incorrect or change as we gain more experience operating our platform or continue to expand into the treatment of new conditions, or if we do not address these challenges successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations and our business could suffer. We anticipate that we will continue to significantly expand our operations and headcount in the near-to-medium term. This growth has placed, and future growth will place, a significant strain on our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. Our success will depend in part on our ability to continue to manage this growth effectively and execute our business plan. There can be no assurance that these efforts will be successful or that we will not encounter operational difficulties that may have a negative impact on growth and profitability. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial, and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures, and we will need to ensure that we maintain high levels of customer support. Failure to effectively manage growth and execute our business plan could result in difficulty or delays in increasing the size of our customer base, declines in quality of customer support or customer satisfaction, increases in costs, difficulties in introducing new products or services, or other operational difficulties, and any of these difficulties could adversely affect our business performance and results of operations. If we are unable to expand or maintain the scope of our offerings, including the number and type of products and services that we offer, the number and quality of Providers serving our customers, and the number and types of conditions capable of being treated through our platform, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. We provide customers with access to non-prescription products, telehealth-based consultations with Providers, laboratory testing services, and certain prescription products that may be prescribed by Providers in connection with telehealth consultations. In order for our business to continue growing, we need to maintain and continue expanding the scope of products and services we offer our customers, including telehealth consultations, prescription medication for additional conditions, and non-prescription health and wellness products and services. The introduction of new products, services, or technologies, including disruptive technologies by market participants, including us, can quickly make our products and services obsolete and unmarketable. Additionally, changes in laws and regulations (or interpretation or enforcement thereof) could impact the usefulness of our platform or offerings and could necessitate changes or modifications to our platform or offerings to accommodate such changes. Alternatively, the introduction of new products, services or technologies could expose us to new or increased regulatory risks, including with respect to healthcare, privacy, or consumer protection laws, either through the provision of such products, services, or technologies, or by virtue of the new or expanded personal and health information we 19 Table of Contents acquire from customers to support such offerings. We invest substantial resources in researching and developing new offerings and enhancing our solutions by incorporating additional features, improving functionality, and adding other improvements to meet our customers’ evolving demands. The success of any enhancements or improvements to our services or any new offerings depends on a number of factors, including timely completion, competitive pricing, adequate quality testing, integration with new and existing technologies, regulatory compliance, and overall market acceptance. We may not succeed in developing, marketing, and delivering on a timely and cost-effective basis enhancements or improvements to our products or services or any new offerings that respond to continued changes in market demands or new customer requirements, and any enhancements or improvements to our products or services or any new offerings may not achieve market acceptance. Since developing enhancements to our products and services and the launch of new offerings can be complex, the timetable for the release of new offerings and enhancements to our existing products and services is difficult to predict, and we may not launch new offerings and updates as rapidly as our current or prospective customers require or expect. For example, in May 2024, we began providing access to compounded injectable semaglutide, a GLP-1, on our platform as part of our weight loss specialty. GLP-1s are subject to elevated consumer demand, foreign, federal and state-specific regulatory limitations, limited manufacturing capacity and potential supply chain disruptions, all of which could affect our ability to provide continuing access to such GLP-1s. Increasing consumer demand could further increase prices and/or constrain supply. If regulatory or market conditions change, or we are unable to meet our customers’ demand for our offerings, or if they do not otherwise meet customer expectations, our brand, reputation and results of operations could be adversely affected. The evolving regulatory landscape has also impacted our ability to continue offering access to such products. For example, in the United States, all doses of semaglutide branded under Ozempic and Wegovy became listed as available on the FDA’s shortage list as of October 30, 2024. On February 21, 2025, the FDA resolved the semaglutide shortage. Resolution of the shortage limits our ability to use 503B outsourcing facilities to provide access to compounded semaglutide on our platform. The regulatory landscape applicable to GLP-1s continues to rapidly evolve. In February 2026, the FDA issued a statement (the “FDA Statement”) indicating that the agency intends to restrict GLP-1 active pharmaceutical ingredients intended for use in non-FDA-approved compounded drugs that are being mass-marketed as similar alternatives to FDA-approved drugs. We were directly named in the FDA Statement. Also in February 2026, the General Counsel of HHS issued a statement on X indicating that HHS had referred the Company to the Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) for investigation for potential violations of the FDCA and applicable Title 18 provisions. At this time, it is unclear what actions the FDA, HHS, or DOJ may take; however, any such actions could require significant resources to address and may result in reputational harm, operational disruptions, or increased costs. Any restrictions on compounding, or marketing of compounded, GLP-1s may adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Any new offerings or product or service enhancements that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, may contain errors or defects, or may not achieve the market acceptance necessary to generate sufficient revenue. In addition, any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any foreign, federal, state, or local laws or regulations with respect to any new offering or product or service enhancement could adversely affect our reputation, brand, and business, and may result in claims, proceedings, or actions against us by governmental entities, consumers, suppliers, competitors, or others or other liabilities that may require us to change our operations and/or cease offering certain products or services. Moreover, even if we introduce new offerings, we may experience a decline in revenue of our existing offerings that is not offset by revenue from the new offerings. In addition, we may lose existing customers who choose a competitor’s products and services. This could result in a temporary or permanent revenue shortfall and adversely affect our business. If we are unable to successfully market to new customers and retain existing customers, or if evolving privacy, healthcare, or other laws or regulations prevent or limit our marketing activities, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. We generate revenue from our platform by selling non-prescription health and personal care products to consumers and offering consumers a technology-driven platform to access telehealth consultations with Providers, who may prescribe customers certain prescription medications or order laboratory tests. Unless we are able to attract new customers, retain existing customers, and maintain our wholesale partnerships, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed. In order to attract new customers and incentivize existing customers to purchase our offerings, we use social media, emails, text messages, influencers, television commercials, and other marketing strategies to reach potential and existing customers. Foreign, federal and state laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of personal information, including healthcare data, are evolving rapidly and could impact our ability to identify and market to potential and existing customers. Similarly, certain foreign, federal and state laws regulate, and in some cases limit, the use of discounts, promotions, and other marketing strategies in the healthcare industry. If foreign, federal, state, or local laws or regulations governing our marketing activities become more restrictive or are interpreted by governmental authorities to prohibit or limit these activities, our ability to attract 20 Table of Contents new customers and retain customers would be affected and our business could be materially harmed. In addition, any failure, or perceived failure, by us or other telehealth companies to comply with any foreign, federal, state, or local laws or regulations governing our marketing activities could adversely affect the perception of our industry, our reputation, brand, and business. We have received, and may in the future face, claims alleging violations of foreign, federal, state or local laws related to tracking technologies. While we do not expect any such claims of violations to have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations, any claims, proceedings, or actions against us by governmental entities, consumers, suppliers, competitors, or others, or other liabilities, may require us to change our operations and/or cease using certain marketing strategies. Changes to social networking, advertising platforms’ or mobile device or other operating systems’ terms of use; terms of service or traffic algorithms that limit promotional communications or impose restrictions that would limit our ability or our customers’ ability to send communications through their platforms; disruptions or downtime experienced by these platforms; or reductions in the use of or engagement with social networking or advertising platforms by customers and potential customers could also harm our business. Additionally, changes in regulations or the business practices of third parties could limit our ability, and the ability of search engines and social media platforms, to collect data from users and engage in targeted advertising, which could negatively impact the effectiveness of our digital marketing. For example, in 2025, Meta implemented changes to the use of certain types of health-related data for ad targeting purposes. The regulation of the use of cookies and other current online tracking and advertising practices, or a loss in our ability to make effective use of services that employ such practices, could adversely affect our business if we are unable to adjust our marketing practices accordingly. As laws and regulations rapidly evolve to govern the use of these channels, the failure by us, our employees or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of these channels could adversely affect our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties. In addition, our employees or third parties acting at our direction may knowingly or inadvertently make use of social media in ways that could lead to the loss or infringement of intellectual property, as well as the public disclosure of proprietary, confidential, or sensitive personal information of our business, employees, consumers or others. Any such inappropriate use of social media, emails, and text messages could also cause reputational damage and adversely affect our business. Additionally, we collect consumer data, including email addresses and phone numbers, to further our marketing efforts with such consumers. If we fail to adequately or accurately collect such data or if our data collection systems are breached or information therein is misused, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. Further, any failure, or perceived failure, by us, or any third parties processing such data, to comply with privacy policies or with any foreign, federal or state healthcare, privacy or consumer protection-related laws, regulations, industry self-regulatory principles, industry standards or codes of conduct, regulatory guidance, orders to which we may be subject or other legal obligations relating to privacy, consumer consent, or consumer protection could adversely affect our reputation, brand, and business, and may result in claims, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities, consumers, suppliers, or others, or other liabilities, or may require us to change our operations and/or cease using certain data sets. Use of social media and influencers may materially and adversely affect our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties. We use third-party social media platforms as part of our marketing strategy. For example, our brands maintain Instagram, Facebook, YouTube and TikTok accounts. We also maintain relationships with many social media influencers and engage in sponsorship initiatives. As existing e-commerce and social media platforms continue to rapidly evolve and new platforms develop, we expect to maintain a presence on these existing platforms and an important part of our marketing strategy is to establish and maintain a presence on new or emerging popular social media platforms. If we are unable to cost-effectively use social media platforms as marketing tools, if the social media platforms we use change their policies or algorithms, or if evolving laws and regulations limit how we can market through these channels, if at all, we may not be able to fully optimize our use of such platforms and our ability to retain current customers and acquire new customers may suffer. Any such failure could adversely affect our reputation, revenue, and results of operations. In addition, an increase in our use of social media for product promotion and marketing may increase the burden on us to monitor compliance of such materials, and increase the risk that such materials could contain problematic product or marketing claims in violation of applicable regulations. For example, in some cases, the Federal Trade Commission has sought enforcement action where an endorsement has failed to clearly and conspicuously disclose a financial relationship or material connection between an influencer and an advertiser. FDA may also bring enforcement actions for false or misleading advertising and promotion of prescription drugs, including compounded drugs, and medical devices. In recent years, FDA has issued multiple untitled letters related to false or misleading promotion by influencers and/or using social media and is increasingly focused on claims made in direct-to-consumer advertisements. Although we contract with and monitor our 21 Table of Contents influencers’ posts on social media, they may fail to comply with our content-related requirements, and if we were held responsible for any false, misleading, or otherwise unlawful content of their posts or their actions, we could be fined or subjected to other monetary liabilities or required to alter our practices, which could have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. A failure to accurately identify promising influencers to use and endorse our offerings or a failure to enter into cost-effective influencer arrangements may have an adverse effect on our reputation or business. Moreover, the cost to enter into arrangements with influencers may increase over time, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations . Promoting prescription medicines via influencers is strictly prohibited in the United Kingdom, the European Union, and Canada. Regulators have increased scrutiny of social media posts, sponsored content, and discount codes that illegally advertise prescription medicines to the public, particularly for high-profile prescription medicines such as weight-loss treatments. Influencer endorsements for prescription medicines constitute a breach of advertising law and can lead to investigations, compliance notices, and enforcement actions. While over-the-counter (OTC) medicines and medical devices may be promoted using influencers, this is only permitted under strict advertising and disclosure rules. The promotion of prescription medicines is restricted to communications directed at healthcare professionals, not the general public. Any failure to comply with applicable advertising, promotion, or disclosure laws in these jurisdictions could subject us to regulatory investigations, fines, reputational harm, and restrictions on our marketing activities. In order to maintain and grow our business, we must maintain credibility and confidence among customers, analysts, investors, and other parties in our long-term financial viability and business prospects. In particular, our offerings, business, results of operations, and statements and actions of our company and management are subject to significant amounts of commentary by a range of third parties. Negative commentary or publicity regarding our business, the industry in which we operate, our offerings, members of our management team, or influencers who endorse our products and other third parties who are affiliated with or endorse us, may also be posted on social media platforms or appear in other media. Influencers with whom we maintain endorsement arrangements could engage in behavior or use their platforms to communicate with our customers in a manner that reflects poorly on our brand and may be attributed to us or otherwise adversely affect our reputation. Any such commentary could impact our reputation or brand and affect our ability to attract and retain customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. If we are unable to continue to expand our marketing infrastructure, we may fail to increase the usage of our platform to meet our forecasts. In the United States, we derive a substantial majority of our revenue from customers’ subscription-based purchases of prescription products made available through our platform. We expect to continue to expand the conditions for which customers can seek treatment from Providers through our platform, and as a result, new customer acquisition is integral to our business. Our financial condition and results of operations are and will continue to be highly dependent on the ability of our marketing function to adequately promote, market, and attract customers to our platform and offerings in a manner that complies with applicable laws and regulations and at a cost that does not exceed our current budget allocated to marketing. A key element of our business strategy is the continued expansion of our marketing infrastructure to drive customer enrollment. As we increase our marketing efforts in connection with the expansion of our platform offerings, we will need to further expand the reach of our marketing networks. Our future success in this area will depend on our ability to continue to hire, train, retain, and motivate a skilled marketing workforce with significant industry-specific knowledge in various areas, including direct-to-consumer business models, e-commerce, technology, healthcare, and the regulatory restrictions related thereto, as well as the competitive landscape for our solutions. If we are unable to continue to expand our marketing capabilities, we may not be able to effectively expand the scope of our platform to attract new customers and give our existing customers access to additional treatment options. Relatedly, if any of our marketing platforms significantly increase their advertising fees, our ability to expand our marketing reach will be greatly impeded. Any such failure could adversely affect our reputation, revenue, and results of operations. 22 Table of Contents Our brand is integral to our success. If we fail to effectively maintain, promote, and enhance our brand in a cost-effective manner, our business and competitive advantage may be harmed. We believe that maintaining and enhancing our reputation and brand recognition is critical to our relationships with existing customers, Providers, strategic partners, Partner Pharmacies, and other suppliers, and to our ability to attract new customers, Providers, strategic partners, Partner Pharmacies, and other suppliers. The promotion of our brand requires us to make substantial investments, and we anticipate that, given the highly competitive nature of our market, these marketing initiatives may become more challenging to execute successfully and increasingly expensive. Brand promotion and marketing activities may not be successful or yield increased revenue, and to the extent that these activities yield increased revenue, the increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur and our results of operations could be harmed. In addition, any factor that diminishes our reputation or that of our management, including failing to meet the expectations of our customers, Providers, or partners, could harm our reputation and brand and make it substantially more difficult for us to attract new customers, Providers, and partners. (See “–Use of social media and influencers may materially and adversely affect our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties”). Additionally, unexpected side effects or safety or efficacy concerns with our offerings, including compounded injectable semaglutide or GLP-1s as a class, significant changes in demand, litigation or regulatory proceedings and investigations, negative publicity, recalls, pressure from existing or new competitive products, or changes in labeling or pricing for these medications, could materially impact our reputation, which could negatively affect our business, stock price, prospects, and/or our results of operations. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our reputation and brand recognition in a cost-effective manner, our business may not grow and we could lose our relationships with customers, Providers, and partners, which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The failure of our offerings to achieve and maintain market acceptance could result in us achieving revenue below our expectations, which could cause our business, financial condition, and results of operations to be materially and adversely affected. Our current business strategy is highly dependent on our platform and offerings achieving and maintaining market acceptance. Market acceptance and adoption of our business model and our offerings may depend on educating potential customers who may find our offerings useful, as well as potential partners, suppliers, and Providers, as to the distinct features, ease-of-use, positive lifestyle impact, cost savings, and other perceived benefits of our offerings as compared to those of competitors. If we are not successful in demonstrating to existing and potential customers the benefits of our offerings, our revenue may decline or we may fail to increase our revenue in line with our forecasts. Achieving and maintaining market acceptance of our model and our offerings could be negatively impacted by many factors, including: • perceived risks associated with the use of our platform, telehealth or similar technologies generally, including those related to privacy, customer data (including personal and health information), and the use of artificial intelligence; • perceived risks associated with compounded medications, including the prescribing, compounding, safety, efficacy, fulfillment, distribution, and marketing of such medications; • our inability to expand into new conditions and/or to attract and retain qualified Providers; • regulatory developments that affect our business, including in healthcare, data privacy and security, consumer protection, and artificial intelligence; • competitors offering telehealth options or technologies for customers and the rate of acceptance of those solutions as compared to our platform; • perceived difficulty or complexity of obtaining a medical consultation or prescription on our platform; • dissatisfaction with our pricing or billing practices; • the ability of the Facilities to meet inventory and product fulfillment expectations; • negative reviews of Providers treating our customers; • perceived ethical questions and potential negative public perception surrounding the use of customer data and artificial intelligence; and • unsatisfactory suggestions made by artificial intelligence tools. In addition, our business model and the offerings we make available may be perceived by potential customers, Providers, suppliers, and partners to be less trustworthy or effective than traditional medical care or competitive telehealth options, and people may be unwilling to change their current health regimens or adopt our offerings. Consumers who have healthcare 23 Table of Contents insurance coverage may not wish to use our platform to access healthcare services or products for which insurance reimbursement is not available. Moreover, we believe that Providers can be slow to change their treatment practices or approaches because of perceived liability risks or distrust of departures from traditional practice. Accordingly, we may face resistance to our offerings from brick-and-mortar Providers. The market for our model and services is relatively new, rapidly evolving, and increasingly competitive, as the healthcare industry in the United States is undergoing significant structural change and consolidation, which makes it difficult to forecast demand for our offerings. The market for our model is relatively new, rapidly evolving and increasingly competitive. We are expanding our business by offering technology-driven access to consultation and treatment options for new conditions, including the utilization and integration of artificial intelligence in our offerings, but it is uncertain whether our offerings will achieve and sustain high levels of demand and market adoption. Our future financial performance depends in part on growth in this market, our ability to market effectively and in a cost-efficient manner, and our ability to adapt to emerging demands of existing and potential customers and the evolving regulatory landscape. It is difficult to predict the future growth rate and size of our target market. Negative publicity concerning telehealth generally, our offerings (including compounded offerings), customer success on our platform, or our market as a whole could limit market acceptance of our business model and offerings. If our customers do not perceive the benefits of our offerings, or if our offerings do not drive customer use and enrollment, then our market and our customer base may not continue to develop, or they may develop more slowly than we expect. Our success depends in part on the willingness of Providers and healthcare organizations to partner with us, increase their use of telehealth and pharmaceutical compounding, and our ability to demonstrate the value of our technology to Providers, as well as our existing and potential customers. If Providers, healthcare organizations or regulators work in opposition to us or if we are unable to reduce healthcare costs or drive positive health outcomes for our customers, then the market for our offerings may not continue to develop, or it might develop more slowly than we expect. Similarly, negative publicity regarding customer confidentiality and privacy in the context of telehealth and artificial intelligence could limit market acceptance of our business model and offerings. The healthcare industry in the United States is continually undergoing or threatened with significant structural change and is rapidly evolving. We believe demand for our offerings has been driven in part by rapidly growing costs in the traditional healthcare system, difficulties accessing the healthcare system, patient stigma associated with sensitive medical conditions, the movement toward patient-centricity and personalized healthcare, advances in technology, and general movement to telehealth. Widespread acceptance of personalized healthcare enabled by technology and pharmaceutical compounding is critical to our future growth and success. A reduction in the growth of technology-enabled personalized healthcare could reduce the demand for our services and result in a lower revenue growth rate or decreased revenue. Additionally, in the United States, the majority of our revenue is driven by products and services offered through our platform on a subscription basis, and the adoption of subscription business models is still relatively new, especially in the healthcare industry. If customers do not shift to subscription business models and subscription health management tools do not achieve widespread adoption, or if there is a reduction in demand for subscription products and services or subscription health management tools, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Additionally, if healthcare or healthcare benefits trends shift or entirely new technologies are developed that replace existing offerings, our existing or future products or services could be rendered obsolete and require that we materially change our technology or business model. If we are unable to do so, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, we may experience difficulties with software development, industry standards, design or marketing that could delay or prevent our development, introduction, or implementation of new options on our platform and any enhancements thereto. Any such difficulties may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Competitive platforms or other technological breakthroughs for the monitoring, management, treatment, or prevention of medical conditions may adversely affect demand for our offerings. Our ability to achieve our strategic objectives will depend, among other things, on our ability to continue to enable fast and efficient telehealth consultations, maintain comprehensive and affordable offerings, ensure the successful operation of the Facilities, and deliver an accessible and reliable platform that is more appealing and user-friendly than available alternatives. Our competitors, as well as a number of other companies and providers, within and outside the healthcare industry, are pursuing new devices, delivery technologies, sensing technologies, procedures, treatments, drugs, and other therapies for the monitoring and treatment of medical conditions. Any technological breakthroughs in monitoring, treatment, or prevention of medical conditions, including through disruptive technologies such as artificial intelligence, that we are unable to similarly leverage 24 Table of Contents could reduce the potential market for our offerings, which could significantly reduce our revenue and our potential to grow certain aspects of our business. The introduction by competitors of solutions or offerings that are or claim to be superior to our platform or offerings may create market confusion, which may make it difficult for potential customers to differentiate between the benefits of our offerings and the benefits of other competitive solutions. In addition, the entry of multiple new products may lead some