ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As previously discussed, our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Below we discuss some of the factors that could cause these differences. The occurrence of these and many other factors described in this report, and factors that we do not presently know or that we currently believe to be immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our operations, performance and financial condition. Many factors affect more than one category and the factors are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories. Risks Related to Our Ability to Grow Our Business We may be unsuccessful at innovating in response to rapid technological or industry changes to meet customer needs, which could cause our business and financial results to suffer materially. We operate in rapidly evolving industries and expect the pace of innovation to continue to accelerate. We must continually introduce new and enhance existing solutions to retain customers and attract new customers. Developing new solutions is complex, requires significant investment and operational costs and may not be profitable, and our investments in new technologies are speculative and may not yield the expected business or financial benefits. The commercial success of new or enhanced solutions depends on a number of factors, including timely and successful development; effective distribution and marketing; market acceptance; compatibility with existing and emerging standards, platforms, software delivery methods and technologies; accurately predicting and anticipating customer needs and expectations and the direction of technological change; identifying and innovating in the right technologies; and differentiation from other solutions. If we fail to anticipate or identify technological, creative, productivity or marketing trends or fail to devote appropriate resources to adapt to such trends, our business could be harmed. For example, artificial intelligence (“AI”), including generative and agentic, enables users of all skill levels to create and provide new ways of marketing, creating and editing content and interacting with documents. While we continue to release new AI solutions and to focus on enhancing the AI capabilities of our solutions and incorporating AI across existing solutions, there can be no assurance that our new or enhanced solutions and AI innovations will be successful, adopted or monetizable or that we will innovate effectively to keep pace with the rapid evolution of AI across our solutions. If we do not successfully innovate, adapt to rapid technological or industry changes and meet customer needs, our business and our financial results may be materially harmed. We participate in rapidly evolving and intensely competitive markets, and, if we do not compete effectively, our business and financial results could materially suffer. The markets for our solutions are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. We expect competition to continue to intensify. Our numerous competitors include companies of various sizes and both public and private companies, including large, global companies and smaller companies with more specialized focuses, new entrants, and AI or cloud-native companies. Our competitors include companies with significant sales and research and development resources, broad brand awareness, long operating histories or access to large customer bases. Our competitors may deploy technical, marketing and financial resources more easily and effectively. Our competitors may develop or acquire additional products, services or solutions that are similar to ours or that achieve greater or faster acceptance. Our competitors may undertake faster and more far-reaching and successful development efforts or marketing campaigns, may adopt more aggressive pricing policies or may more effectively appeal to customers. As a result, current and potential customers may select the products, services or solutions of our competitors. New industry standards, evolving distribution and sales models, limited barriers to entry, short product life cycles, customer price sensitivity, global economic conditions and the frequent entry of new solutions or competitors may increase downward pressure on pricing and gross margins and adversely affect our renewal, upsell and cross-sell rates as well as our ability to attract new customers. In addition, we expect to face more competition as AI continues to advance and be integrated into the markets in which we compete and to change the software industry. Our competitors or other third parties may develop AI solutions more rapidly or successfully, including but not limited to different data training strategies or proprietary access to data and, as a result, other AI solutions may achieve greater and faster adoption. For example, we face increasing competition from companies offering generative and agentic AI solutions, including but not limited to prompt-based and multi-modal creation and editing, document productivity and understanding, ad distribution and creation, and purpose-built AI agents. Other companies have in the past, and may in the future prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to use third-party models in our solutions. If we are not able to provide solutions that compete effectively, we could experience reduced sales, which could materially and adversely impact our business and financial results. For additional information regarding our competition and the risks arising out of the competitive environment in which we operate, see the section titled “Competition” contained in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 17 Table of Contents Issues relating to the development and use of AI in our solutions may result in reputational harm, liability and adverse business and financial results. Social, ethical and operational issues relating to the use of AI, including generative AI and agentic AI, in our solutions may result in reputational harm, liability and additional costs. We are increasingly incorporating AI technologies, developed by us and by third parties, into many of our solutions. If our AI development, deployment, content labeling or governance is ineffective or inadequate, it may result in incidents that impair the public acceptance of AI solutions or cause harm to individuals, customers or society, or result in our solutions not working as intended or producing unexpected outcomes. Jurisdictions around the world are developing and passing new regulations that apply specifically to the use of AI. For example, the U.S. AI regulatory framework remains in development and has been introduced at the federal level through executive orders and legislation has been introduced and enacted at the state level. Additionally, obligations under the EU AI Act have gone into effect and will continue to be implemented in phases through 2030, and other jurisdictions have passed or are considering similarly focused legislation. Some of our operations are subject to the EU AI Act and depending on how the EU AI Act is implemented and interpreted, we may have to adapt our business practices, contractual arrangements and services to comply with such obligations. Non-compliant companies under the EU AI Act may be subject to administrative fines. These regulations and the evolving AI regulatory environment may, among other impacts, result in inconsistencies among AI regulations and frameworks across jurisdictions, increase our compliance, governance and research and development costs, increase our exposure to investigations, proceedings and claims related to our AI models and increase liability related to the use of AI by our customers or users that are beyond our control. There can be no guarantee that future AI regulations or standards will not adversely impact us or conflict with our approach to AI development and use, including affecting our ability to make our AI solutions available without costly changes, delaying or halting development of AI solutions, requiring us to change our AI development practices, monetization strategies and/or indemnity protections and subjecting us to additional compliance requirements, regulatory action, competitive harm, reputational harm and/or legal liability. Additionally, as we offer more third-party AI models in our solutions, we face risks inherent in how third-party AI models used in our solutions have been developed and deployed, including situations in which the third party may lack a proper license or consent for the training data used for their model. The use and availability of third-party AI models in our solutions could result in scrutiny and legal liability, including intellectual property infringement claims. Such claims or scrutiny could cause reputational harm and loss of customers, and adversely impact our business and financial results. In addition, new competition regulations on AI development and deployment could impose new requirements on our markets that could impact our business and financial results. Uncertainty around new and evolving AI uses may require significant, additional investment to develop models and proprietary datasets, responsible-use frameworks and new approaches and processes to attribute or compensate content creators. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, challenges accessing AI models, datasets or hardware. Developing, testing and deploying AI systems and third-party AI models may continue to increase the cost of our solutions, including due to the nature of the computing costs involved in such systems. These costs could adversely impact our margins as we continue to make significant investments in AI development, add AI capabilities and third-party AI models to our solutions and scale our AI solutions without assurance that our customers and users will adopt them. Further, as with any new solutions based on new and rapidly evolving technologies, consumer reception and monetization pathways are uncertain, our strategies may not be successful and our business and financial results could be adversely impacted. AI solutions may continue to modify workforce needs, result in negative publicity, reputational harm, liability and decreased demand for our solutions, all of which could adversely impact our business. If our reputation or our brands are damaged, our business and financial results may be adversely affected. We believe our reputation and brands have been, and we expect them to continue to be, important to our business and financial results. Maintaining and enhancing our brands may require us to make substantial investments and these investments may not be successful. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, reputational harm, reduced customer demand and customer attrition from, among other things, the introduction of new products, features, services, or terms that do not meet customer expectations; our position on or approach to new and evolving technologies, including AI; backlash from customers, the creative community, government entities or other stakeholders that disagree with our product offering decisions or public policy, social, ethical or political positions; significant litigation or regulatory or government actions that negatively reflect on our business practices; data security breaches or compliance failures; and public scrutiny or negative publicity, including being the target of media and social media campaigns, criticizing our actual or perceived actions or inactions, policies, terms, agreements, dispute resolution requirements, handling of user privacy, data practices or content. Our brands may be negatively affected by the actual or perceived failure to meet our sustainability commitments or appropriately respond to climate concerns; and uses of our solutions, particularly our AI solutions, in ways that are out of our control, such as to create or disseminate content that is deemed to be misleading, deceptive or intended to manipulate public opinion, or for illicit, objectionable or illegal ends, or by our failure to respond appropriately and in a timely manner to such uses. Further, such uses of our solutions may result in controversy or claims related to defamation, rights of publicity, illegal content, intellectual property infringement, 18 Table of Contents harmful content, misinformation and disinformation, harmful bias, misappropriation, data privacy, derivative uses of third-party AI and personal injury torts. If we fail to appropriately respond to objectionable content created using our solutions or shared on our platforms, our users may lose confidence in our brands. Entry into markets with weaker protection of brands or changes in the legal systems in countries in which we operate may also impact our ability to protect our brands. If we fail to maintain, enhance or protect our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our users’ trust in us and purchasing decisions and our business and financial results may be adversely affected. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, investments or other strategic transactions, and they may disrupt our business and adversely affect our business and financial results. We have acquired and may continue to acquire businesses, products, talent and technologies as part of our business strategy. Acquisitions, investments and other strategic transactions involve numerous risks and uncertainties, the occurrence of which may have an adverse effect on our business. These risks and uncertainties include: • inability to achieve the expected financial and strategic benefits on a timely basis or at all; • difficulty in effectively integrating operations, technologies, products, services, solutions, culture or personnel; • disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of our management and other personnel; • challenges to completing or failure to complete an announced transaction related to the failure to obtain regulatory approval, or the need to satisfy certain conditions precedent to closing such transaction (such as divestitures, ownership or operational restrictions or other structural or behavioral remedies) that could limit the anticipated benefits of the transaction; • entry into markets in which we have minimal prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions; • inability to retain personnel, key customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the acquired business; • delay in customer and distributor purchasing decisions due to uncertainty about the direction of our solutions; • incurring higher than anticipated costs to effectively integrate an acquired business, to bring an acquired company into compliance with applicable laws and regulations, additional compensation issued or assumed in connection with an acquisition, to divest products, services or solutions acquired in unsuccessful acquisitions to amortize costs for acquired intangible assets or because of our inability to take advantage of anticipated tax benefits; • increased collection times, elevated delinquency or bad debt write-offs related to receivables of an acquired business we assume; • difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration of an acquired business and inability to conclude that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective; • potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired or integrated entities’ systems, technologies, or products that expose us to additional security risks or delay our ability to integrate the acquired products into our existing solutions; • exposure to litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risk as a result of, a transaction; • incurrence of additional debt to finance a transaction, which will increase our interest expense and leverage, and/or issuance of equity securities to finance transactions, which will dilute current shareholders’ percentage ownership and earnings per share; • in the case of foreign transactions, the impact of particular economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; • brand or reputational harm associated with our acquisitions, investments or other strategic transactions; and • failure to identify significant problems, liabilities or other challenges during due diligence. 19 Table of Contents Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments or integrate acquired businesses effectively may also be impaired by adverse economic and political events, including trade tensions, and increased global scrutiny and evolving regulatory expectations relating to acquisitions and other strategic transactions. We may not be able to complete acquisitions or other strategic transactions to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or transactions on favorable terms, or at all, including as a result of challenges in obtaining regulatory approvals, and may incur additional costs. For example, we have experienced difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals, resulting in the termination of a previously announced acquisition and the incurrence of additional costs. Any of these factors may adversely affect our business and financial results. Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business If we are unable to recruit and retain key personnel, our business may be harmed, and our hybrid work model may present challenges, which could adversely impact our business. Much of our future success depends on the continued service, availability and performance of our senior management and highly skilled personnel across all levels of our organization. Our senior management has acquired specialized knowledge and skills with respect to our business, and the loss of any of these individuals could harm our business, especially if we are not successful in developing adequate succession plans. Our efforts to attract, develop, integrate and retain highly skilled employees may be compounded by intensified restrictions on immigration or the availability of work visas. The technology industry has been and may continue to be subject to substantial and continuous competition for talent, particularly with AI and cybersecurity backgrounds, and demand for cutting-edge or unique skill sets may continue to be highly competitive, both of which are heightened with hybrid or remote working arrangements. Our hybrid work environment may also present operational, security and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively affect our ability to execute against our business objectives and retain and recruit personnel. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, higher compensation costs to retain and recruit senior management or highly skilled personnel that may not be offset by innovation, improved productivity or increased sales. We continue to hire personnel in countries where exceptional technical knowledge and other expertise are offered at lower costs, which increases the efficiency of our global workforce structure and reduces our personnel-related expenditures. Nonetheless, as globalization continues, competition for talent in those countries has increased, which may impact our ability to retain these employees and increase our compensation-related expenses. Service interruptions or failures of our information technology systems or those of third parties may impair the availability of our solutions, which may expose us to liability, damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. Much of our business, including our online store at adobe.com, our cloud solutions and various business processes such as our enterprise resource planning system and customer and sales support, relies on hardware and services that are hosted, managed and controlled directly by us or third-party service providers to be available to our customers and users without disruption. We do not have redundancy for all our systems, many of our critical applications (“apps”) reside in only one of our data centers, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. If any critical third-party service provider of hosting or content delivery services is negatively affected or becomes unavailable to us for any reason, we may not be able to deliver the corresponding solutions to our customers and users. Failure of our systems or those of our third-party service providers could cause large, system-wide failures, disrupt our business operations and those of our customers, subject us to reputational harm, require costly and time-intensive notifications, and cause us to lose customers, users and future business. Occasionally, we migrate data among data centers and to third-party hosted environments. If a transition among data centers or to third-party service providers encounters unexpected interruptions, unforeseen complexity or unplanned disruptions despite precautions undertaken during the process, this may impair our delivery of solutions to customers and result in increased costs and liabilities, which may harm our financial results, reputation and business. It is also possible that hardware or software failures or errors in our systems (or those of our third-party service providers) could result in data loss or corruption, cause the information that we collect or maintain to be incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our customers regard as significant, or cause us to fail to meet committed service levels or comply with applicable notification requirements or other relevant contractual obligations to our customers. Furthermore, our ability to collect and report data may be delayed or interrupted by a number of factors, including access to the internet, the failure of our network or software systems, security breaches or significant variability in visitor traffic on customer websites. We may also find, on occasion, that we cannot deliver data and reports to our customers in near real-time due to factors such as significant spikes in customer activity on their websites or failures of our network or software (or that of a third-party service provider). If we fail to plan infrastructure capacity appropriately and expand it proportionally with the needs of our customer and user base, and we experience a rapid and significant demand on the capacity of our data centers or those of third parties, service outages or performance issues could occur, which may impact our customers. Such a strain on our infrastructure capacity may subject us 20 Table of Contents to regulatory and customer notification requirements, violations of service level agreement commitments or financial liabilities and result in customer dissatisfaction or harm our business. If we supply materially inaccurate information or experience significant interruptions in our systems, our reputation could be harmed, we could lose customers and we could be found liable for damages or incur other losses. Security incidents, improper access to or disclosure of our customers’ data or other cybersecurity incidents may harm our reputation and materially and adversely affect our business. Our solutions collect, store, manage and otherwise process third-party data, including our customers’ data and our own data. Such solutions as well as our technologies, systems and networks have been subject to, and may in the future be subject to, cyberattacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other malware, fraud, worms, social engineering, denial-of-service attacks, malicious software programs, insider threats and other cybersecurity incidents that have in the past, and may in the future, result in the unauthorized access, disclosure, acquisition, use, loss or destruction of sensitive personal or business data belonging to us, our employees and our customers. Some of our solutions include third-party open-source software, which may contain security vulnerabilities that may be exploited, potentially compromising our solutions. Increasing use of AI in our internal systems and solutions may create new attack methods. Cybersecurity incidents can be caused by human error from our workforce or that of our third-party service providers, by malicious third parties, acting alone or in groups, or by more sophisticated organizations, including nation-states and state-sponsored organizations. Such risks may be elevated in connection with geopolitical tensions, including the Russia-Ukraine war and the conflict in the Middle East, as well as malicious third parties utilizing emerging technologies, such as AI and machine learning. Certain unauthorized parties have in the past managed, and may in the future manage, to overcome our security measures and those of our third-party service providers to access and misuse systems and software by exploiting defects in design, configuration or manufacture, including bugs, vulnerabilities, change management errors and other problems that unexpectedly compromise the security or operation of a product or system. Further, unauthorized parties or authorized parties that exceed their authorized access may also gain physical access to our facilities and infiltrate our information systems or attempt to gain logical access to our solutions or information systems to access content and data and may result in computer viruses, worms, ransomware or other malware. Malicious third parties have in the past, and may in the future, fraudulently induce our employees or users of our solutions to disclose sensitive, personal or confidential information via illegal electronic spamming, phishing, social engineering or other tactics, and this risk is heightened in our current hybrid model working environment. Our solutions are incorporated into the supply chain of a large number of companies worldwide and, as a result, if our solutions experience a compromise, a large portion or, in some instances, all of our customers and their data for a given solution could be simultaneously affected. The potential liability and associated consequences we could suffer as a result of such a large scale event could be significant, and materially and adversely impact our business. Malicious actors may also engage in fraudulent or abusive activities through our solutions, including unauthorized use of accounts through stolen credentials, use of stolen credit cards or other payment vehicles, failure to pay for services accessed, or other activities that violate our terms of service. While we actively combat such fraudulent activities, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, impacts to our revenue and reputation from such activities. Maintaining the security of our solutions is a critical issue for us and our customers. We devote significant resources to address security vulnerabilities through various methods, including, but not limited to, engineering more secure products, enhancing security and reliability features in our products and systems, regularly reviewing our service providers’ security controls, and continually assessing and improving, as appropriate, our incident response process. However, it is impossible to accurately predict the extent, frequency or impact cybersecurity issues may have on us, and our security measures do not provide full effective protection from all such events. There can be no assurance that we have the capability to detect all vulnerabilities or new attack methods and our internal security controls may not keep pace with quickly evolving threats. The costs to prevent, eliminate, mitigate or remediate cybersecurity or other security problems and vulnerabilities are significant and may reduce our margins. Breaches of our security measures and the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unauthorized dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive, personal or confidential data about us, our employees, our customers or their end users, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data have in the past, and could in the future, expose us, our employees, our customers or other individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information. Further, our efforts to address these problems, including notifying affected third parties when appropriate, have in the past been, and may in the future be, unsuccessful or delayed, which could result in business interruptions, cessation of service, loss of existing or potential customers and reputational harm. Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities or incidents have resulted in, and may result in additional, claims or litigation and liability or fines, costly and time-intensive notice requirements, governmental inquiry or oversight or a loss of customer confidence, any of which have in the past and may in the future harm our business and damage our brand and reputation. Our customers may also adopt security measures to protect their computer systems and their instances of our software from attack and may suffer a cybersecurity breach on their own systems, unrelated to our 21 Table of Contents systems. Even if such breach is unrelated to our security systems, solutions or programs, such breach could cause us reputational harm and require us to incur significant economic and operational consequences to adequately assess and respond to their breach, and to implement additional safeguards designed to protect against future breaches. While we maintain insurance to cover operational risks, such as cybersecurity risk and technology outages, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all liability described herein. These risks will likely increase as we expand our hosted solutions, integrate our solutions and store and process more data. Moreover, delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers resulting from disruptions caused by cyberattacks, data breaches, overly burdensome preventive security measures or failure to fully meet information security control certification requirements could materially and adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation. If we are unable to develop, manage and maintain our sales channels, including our direct sales force, third-party distributors, and sales partners, or third-party relationships upon which we rely for critical business operations, our revenue and business may be adversely affected. We rely on our direct sales channel and a number of third-party distributors and sales partners to distribute our solutions. The successful management of these relationships is a complex, global process. We sell many solutions through our direct sales force. Risks associated with this sales channel include challenges related to hiring, retaining and motivating our direct sales force, and substantial amounts of ongoing training for sales representatives. Our business could be harmed if our direct sales expansion efforts do not generate the corresponding efficiencies and revenue we anticipated from such investment. In addition, the loss of key sales employees could impact our customer relationships and future ability to sell to certain accounts covered by such employees. Moreover, if our partner and distribution channels are not effective or if we stop or change our partner or distribution channels, we may lose sales opportunities, customers and revenue. We rely on third-party distribution platforms and are subject to changes in pricing structure, terms of service, privacy practices and other policies at the discretion of the platform provider. Any adverse changes to the terms with such third-party distribution platforms which we rely on to distribute our solutions may adversely affect our financial results. Additionally, our distribution channels may not continue to market or sell our solutions effectively and may favor solutions of other companies. If an agreement with one of our distributors or partners was terminated, any prolonged delay in securing a replacement distributor or partner could have a negative impact on our results of operations. We also face legal risk and potential reputational harm from the activities of these independent third parties including, but not limited to, export control violations, workplace conditions, corruption and anti-competitive behavior. We also rely on third-party service providers and technologies to deliver our solutions and business operations and to operate critical business systems, such as cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, generative AI, large language models, encryption and authentication technology, company email and other communication channels, and communications with customers. If such third parties are negatively affected, if we fail to effectively develop, manage and maintain our relationships with such third parties, or if we are unable to renew our agreements with them on favorable terms or at all, our expenses could significantly increase, and we and our customers may experience service interruptions. Any disruption or damage to, or failure of our systems generally, including the systems of our third-party platform providers, could result in interruptions in our services and harm our business. Further, interruptions in our services caused by us or our third-party service providers may cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to make warranty or other claims against us or to terminate their subscriptions or contracts, and adversely affect our attrition rates and our ability to attract new customers, all of which may adversely affect our financial results. Our business and reputation would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable. We face various risks associated with operating as a multinational corporation, and global adverse economic and geopolitical conditions may harm our business and financial condition. We derive a large portion of our total revenue from, and have significant operations, outside of the United States. As a multinational corporation, we are subject to a number of risks, including from global adverse economic and geopolitical conditions, that are uncertain and beyond our control and that make forecasting financial results and decisions about future investments difficult, such as: • inflation and actions taken by central banks to counter inflation, including increasing interest rates; • international and regional economic, political and labor conditions, including any instability or security concerns abroad, such as uncertainty caused by economic sanctions, downturns and recessions, trade disputes, tariffs, armed conflicts and wars, and epidemics and pandemics like COVID-19; 22 Table of Contents • tax laws in the United States as well as other countries and jurisdictions; • increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; • changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements in the United States and other countries, including antitrust and competition regulations, consumer protection laws, or other government actions; • changes in laws governing the flow of data across borders including into the United States; • inadequate local infrastructure and difficulties in managing and staffing international operations; • costs, potential liability, delays or loss of sales resulting from trade restrictions imposed by the United States and other countries, as well as trade laws, including but not limited to economic sanctions, tariffs and export controls; • costs and delays associated with developing products in multiple languages; and • operating in locations with a higher rate of corruption and fraudulent business practices. Additionally, third parties we do business with and our customers have international operations and are also subject to the above risks. Adverse changes in global economic conditions, including, but not limited to recessions or slow economic growth have in the past resulted and may in the future result in our customers’ and business partners’ insolvency, inability to obtain credit to finance or purchase our solutions, or a delay in paying or an inability to pay their obligations to us. Other third parties, such as our service providers, suppliers and distributors, may be unable to deliver or be delayed in delivering critical services, products or technologies that we rely on, and our business and reputation may be harmed. Our customers’ spending rate, ability to pay and demand for our solutions may also be adversely affected by the above risks. If our global sales are reduced, delayed or canceled because of any of the above risks, our revenue may decline. Further, a disruption in global financial markets could impair our banking partners, on which we rely for operating cash management, capital market transactions and derivative programs. Such disruption could also negatively impact our customers’ ability to pay us due to delays or inability to access their existing cash. As of November 28, 2025, our investment portfolio consisted of money market funds, corporate debt securities, U.S. Treasury securities, time deposits and other investments. These investments are subject to credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks as well as economic downturns or events that affect global or regional financial markets that may cause the value of our investments to decline, requiring impairment charges, which could adversely affect our financial condition. Some of our enterprise solutions have extended and complex sales cycles, which may increase our costs and make our sales cycles unpredictable. As we continue to target enterprise customers for certain of our solutions, we may face increased costs, longer sales cycles, greater competition and less predictability in completing our sales. For our enterprise customers, the evaluation process may be longer and more involved, and require us to invest more in educating our customers about our solutions, particularly because the decision to use our solutions is often an enterprise-wide decision. We are increasingly offering end-to-end solutions that include generative and agentic AI capabilities, which have in the past, and may in the future, increase the complexity of technical or contractual assurances or requirements that we or our customers require, whether pursuant to regulations or internal policies, as part of the contracting process, leading to extended sales cycles. We may be required to submit more robust proposals, participate in extended proof-of-concept evaluation cycles and engage in more extensive contract negotiations. In addition, our enterprise customers often demand more complex configurations and additional integration services and product features. Adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical events such as trade disputes and tariffs have caused, and may continue to cause, additional spend scrutiny and delays in our enterprise customers’ purchasing decisions, particularly for larger and more complex deals. Due to these factors, we often must devote greater sales support to certain enterprise customers, which increases our costs and time required to complete a sale, without assurance that potential customers will ultimately purchase our solutions. We also may be required to devote more services resources to implementation, which increases our costs, without assurance that customers receiving these services will renew or renew at the same level. Our revenue from enterprise customers may be affected by longer-than-expected sales, contract negotiation and implementation cycles, extended collection cycles, potential deferral of revenue and alternative licensing arrangements. Additionally, our enterprise sales pattern has historically been, and is expected to remain, uneven, where a higher percentage of a quarter’s total sales occur during the final weeks of each quarter, which is common in our industry. 23 Table of Contents Risks Related to Laws and Regulations We are, and may in the future become, subject to litigation, regulatory inquiries, investigations and other actions, which could result in an unfavorable outcome and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are, and may in the future become, subject to various legal proceedings (including class action lawsuits), claims, negotiations, regulatory inquiries, investigations, enforcement actions and other actions, including relating to antitrust, consumer protection, data privacy and security, employment practices, product liability and the validity or alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, including patent rights, among others. Such activity has increased over time with evolving global regulatory and enforcement landscapes and as our solutions have become more available to, and used by, more enterprises and consumers worldwide. For example, there is an increase in regulatory activity in connection with federal and state consumer protection laws, including some suits which seek civil penalties. Any proceedings, actions, claims or inquiries initiated by or against us, whether successful or not, may be highly time consuming; result in costly litigation, damage awards, consent decrees, injunctive relief or increased costs of business; require us to change our business practices or products; result in negative publicity; require significant amounts of management time; result in the diversion of significant operational resources; or otherwise harm our business and financial results. Disputes and litigation can be complex and are typically costly and can be disruptive to our business operations by diverting the attention of management and key personnel. For example, third-party intellectual property disputes, including those initiated by patent assertion entities or