ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report, before deciding to invest in our securities. If any of the following risks materialize, our business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects will likely be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Common Stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. An investment in our Common Stock involves a high degree of risks. You should carefully consider all of the information in this Annual Report, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Common Stock. Any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In any such case, the market price of our Common Stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We sustained losses of approximately $39.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2025 and $33.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2026, and we cannot assure you that we can or will operate profitably in the future. We sustained a loss of approximately $39.2 million, or $0.69 per share (basic and diluted) in the year ended June 30, 2025, and a loss of approximately $33.2 million, or $0.58 per share (basic and diluted) for the year ended June 30, 2026. The losses resulted primarily because of increased operating expenses for both periods. We cannot assure you that we will be able to operate profitably in the future. Existing laws, regulations and policies and the issuance of new or more stringent laws, regulations, policies and any other restrictions or limitations in relation to the nicotine vaping industry have and can materially and adversely affect our business operations. As vaping products have become more and more popular in recent years, government authorities worldwide have imposed laws, regulations and policies to regulate nicotine vaping products and the vaping industry and may impose more stringent controls either with changes in existing laws or regulations, with new laws or regulations, or with new interpretations of existing laws or regulations. Some governments have prohibited the usage of vaping products in certain areas, imposed specific taxes on vaping products or imposed restrictions, in certain areas such as product advertising, flavorings or nicotine concentration. Governments, primarily state and municipal, have imposed restrictions or prohibitions on smoking in public and on public transportation, such as on trains, airplanes and buses. Such prohibitions have been or may in the future be extended to e-cigarettes, including vaping products, and such restrictions may be imposed by local, regional or national governments. As a result of government laws and regulations affecting tobacco products, we ceased selling nicotine vaping products in the United States. 19 We cannot assure you that government authorities will not impose further restrictions on vaping nicotine products in the future, including but not limited to requirements to obtain and maintain licenses, approvals or permits for relevant business operation. Such restrictions, if any, may adversely affect supplies of raw materials, production and sales activities, taxation or other aspects of our business operation. We may not be able to comply with any or all changes in existing laws and regulations or any new laws and regulations and may incur significant compliance costs. All of the above may affect our production or market demand for vaping products and thus adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that we grow in scale and significance, we expect to face increased scrutiny, which may result in increased investment in compliance and related capabilities. The WHO and the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (“CDC”) have been clear in their view of the harmful effects of nicotine. Although they recognize that e-cigarettes may expose users to fewer harmful chemicals than burned cigarettes, which are considered very dangerous, and that any tobacco product, including e-cigarettes, is unsafe particularly for young people and pregnant women. Countries have taken different steps to address the dangers of nicotine and to consider the difference between e-cigarettes and burned cigarettes. However, instances of death or serious illness resulting or perceived to result from the use of e-cigarettes as well as significant reported use by certain populations, including adolescents as well as nicotine-naïve individuals, may spur governments at all levels to increase restrictions on vaping products. We cannot assure you that the actions taken by municipal, state or provincial and national governments will not materially and adversely affect the market for vaping products generally and our business in particular. Cannabis vapor products are subject to regulations and restrictions in the United States and are prohibited in many other countries. Cannabis products are subject to federal and state regulation in the United States, and Western Europe generally prohibits the sale and use cannabis products, although some countries permit the use of approved cannabis products for medical purposes. Although an increasing number of states in the United States permit adult use of recreational marijuana, states have restrictions as to where the products can be sold and many of the states that permit recreational use of marijuana require that sales be made only at licensed stores. The U.S. federal government still prohibits non-hemp cannabis products (unless approved by the FDA) but has generally not enforced against entities and individuals operating in compliance with state laws permitting such products. Likewise, under certain circumstances, devices intended for use in consuming federally prohibited cannabis products may also technically qualify as prohibited drug paraphernalia under federal law and the laws of certain states that continue to broadly restrict production and sale of non-hemp cannabis. However, the Federal Controlled Substances Act includes an exemption for “any person authorized by local, State, or Federal law to manufacture, possess, or distribute such items.” Despite the sale and use of cannabis products generally being prohibited, the Western European region has some of the most developed cannabis cultures in the world, such as in the Netherlands and Spain. On April 1, 2024, Germany legalized recreational cannabis use and is likely to accelerate the cannabis debate within the EU and promote the development of the industry at a regional level. Georgia, Luxembourg, and Malta have also legalized recreational cannabis use as of the date of this Annual Report. However, great differences persist among consumers, with older generations typically being more reluctant to allow cannabis use. Our ability to expand our marketing of cannabis products in the European market is dependent upon whether recreational cannabis will become legal in other Western European countries, and we cannot give any assurance that we will be able to sell products in Western Europe. These restrictions on the sale and use of cannabis could impair our ability to market and sell our products. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) recently made a recommendation to the US Drug Enforcement Agency (“DEA”) to reschedule cannabis as a Schedule 3 drug. As previously noted, the Department of Justice issued AG Order No. 6754-2026 on April 23, 2026, rescheduling both FDA-approved products containing marijuana and marijuana products regulated by a state medical marijuana license from Schedule I to Schedule III of the Controlled Substances Act; further, the DEA held hearings as of June 29, 2026, examining the potential for overall rescheduling of cannabis under the Controlled Substances Act. The DEA is currently going through a public comment period on the potential rescheduling. If the DEA accepts HHS’s recommendation and reschedules cannabis, there may be new regulatory compliance obligations placed upon cannabis operators in the U.S. Under the FD&C Act, Schedule 3 drugs must be dispensed with a prescription and the safety and efficacy of such products would be governed by FDA regulation under the FD&C Act. It is unclear how this would impact state-legal adult use cannabis programs, if at all. If there are significant new regulatory barriers for the U.S. adult use cannabis industry, such increased regulation may negatively impact the sale of our cannabis vaporizer products in the U.S. marketplace. 20 While we believe that our business and sales do not violate the Federal Paraphernalia Law, legal proceedings alleging violations of such law or changes in such law or interpretations thereof could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Under U.S. Code Title 21 Section 863 (the “Federal Paraphernalia Law”), the term “drug paraphernalia” means “any equipment, product or material of any kind which is primarily intended or designed for use in manufacturing, compounding, converting, concealing, producing, processing, preparing, injecting, ingesting, inhaling, or otherwise introducing into the human body a controlled substance.” That law exempts “(1) any person authorized by local, State, or Federal law to manufacture, possess, or distribute such items” and “(2) any item that, in the normal lawful course of business, is imported, exported, transported, or sold through the mail or by any other means, and traditionally intended for use with tobacco products, including any pipe, paper, or accessory.” Any non-exempt drug paraphernalia offered or sold by any person in violation of the Federal Paraphernalia Law can be subject to seizure and forfeiture upon the conviction of such person for such violation, and a convicted person can be subject to fines under the Federal Paraphernalia Law and even imprisonment. Several states with legal cannabis programs, including California, have enacted legislation invoking this exemption to shield state-legal businesses from federal enforcement on paraphernalia grounds. In addition, a recent court decision from the U.S. Court of International Trade applied this exemption in prohibiting U.S. Customs and Border Protection from refusing import entry of cannabis paraphernalia components that the importer could legally possess in the state of importation. We believe our sales do not violate the Federal Paraphernalia Law. We restrict the sale of products to comply with the Federal Paraphernalia Law’s exemption for sales authorized by state law. In particular, we (a) do not sell any vaping equipment or hardware into the 4 states that have maintained complete or near complete cannabis prohibition (i.e., Idaho, Indiana, Kansas, and Nebraska), and have the distributors we work with covenant that they will not sell our products into these states, and (b) in any states with laws that allow the sale of vaping equipment or hardware, but require such products to be sold to licensed cannabis businesses (such as dispensaries), we limit sales accordingly. While we believe that our business and sales are legally compliant with the Federal Paraphernalia Law in all material respects, any legal action commenced against us under such law could result in substantial costs and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, changes in cannabis laws or interpretations of such laws are difficult to predict and are subject to change, which could significantly affect our business. Because Tuanfang Liu, our chief executive officer, who is also director, and his wife, Jiangyan Zhu, who is also a director, beneficially own 62.1% of our Common Stock as of June 30, 2026 and Mr. Liu owns 95% of the equity of our majority supplier, Mr. Liu has a conflict of interest. Because our chief executive officer, Tuanfang Liu, and his wife own 62.1%, of our Common Stock as of June 30, 2026, they have the power to elect all of our directors and to approve any matter which is subject to stockholder approval. Mr. Liu also own 95% of the equity in Shenzhen Yi Jia, which is currently our major supplier. Mr. Liu is chairman of Shenzhen Yi Jia and his wife, Jiangyan Zhu, is its vice president of finance. The price and other terms at which Shenzhen Yi Jia sells product to us have been largely determined by Mr. Liu. In addition, as our chief executive officer, Mr. Liu has significant authority in the implementation of our business plan, including the expected commencement of our manufacturing operations in California and the opening of additional manufacturing operations in Malaysia. He has also historically been responsible for our product development and our present products have been the result of his research and development efforts. Mr. Liu’s interests may be different from our interests. Because of Mr. Liu’s conflict of interest, there is a risk that any actions he may take may have an adverse effect upon the success and development of our business and the price of our Common Stock. As a result of the voting power of Mr. Liu and his wife, Ms. Zhu, investors will have little, if any, power to influence our business or to approve any action submitted to stockholders for their approval. The fact that they have a controlling interest in us may, by itself, serve as a deterrent to any person seeking to obtain control of us or to enter into any business relationship which might be beneficial to the minority stockholders. Although our supply agreements with Shenzhen Yi Jia require Shenzhen Yi Jia to sell products to us at the most favorable market price that it sells similar products to third parties, because our products are designed for us and based on technology that was either developed by Mr. Liu prior to the date of the agreement or is developed by us, we cannot determine whether another supplier would be able to provide the products at the same or a better price. However, all pricing will be designed to enable us to sell the products at a price which enables us to generate a gross margin that we consider acceptable, and Mr. Liu will have significant input as to what is an acceptable gross margin. Our supply agreements also require Shenzhen Yi Jia to provide us with quality products and services in a timely manner, to provide to our customers the same warranty that we provide to our customer and to give first priority to the manufacture of our products over any other manufacturing obligations. However, as our chief executive officer, Mr. Liu has the ability to determine whether to pursuant any legal action to enforce our supply agreements. Thus, we will be relying on Mr. Liu taking actions that are in our best interests, and we run the risk that he may not do so. 21 The recent implementation of regulations relating to e-cigarettes has resulted in our decision not to market nicotine products in the United States until we secure PMTA approvals on our ENDS devices. The FDA has authority to regulate e-liquids, e-cigarettes, and other vaping products that contain (or are used to consume e-liquid containing) tobacco-derived ingredients and nicotine from any source as “tobacco products” under the federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the “Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act”), as amended by Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act of 2009 (the “Tobacco Control Act”) and subsequent legislation. Through the issuance of the “Deeming Regulation” that became effective on August 8, 2016, the FDA began regulating e-liquids, e-cigarettes, and other vaping products that qualify as “tobacco products” under the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act’s requirements added by the Tobacco Control Act. The Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act requires that any Deemed Tobacco Product that was not commercially marketed as of the “grandfather” date of February 15, 2007, obtain premarket authorization before it can be marketed in the United States. The compliance policy generally allowed companies to market Deemed Tobacco Products that qualify as “new tobacco products” but that were on the U.S. market on August 8, 2016, until September 9, 2020, and the continued marketing of such products without otherwise-required authorization for up to one year during the FDA’s review of a pending marketing application submitted by September 9, 2020. The compliance policy did not apply to otherwise-eligible products (i) for which the manufacturer has failed to take (or is failing to take) adequate measures to prevent minors’ access and (ii) that are targeted to minors or with marketing that is likely to promote use by minors. In the absence of this policy, we would have had to obtain prior authorization from the FDA to market any of our products after August 8, 2016. Accordingly, through September 9, 2020, Aspire North America marketed tobacco vaping products in the United States pursuant to the FDA’s compliance policy based on evidence that they were on the U.S. market on August 8, 2016, and had not been physically modified since. FDA authorization to introduce a “new tobacco product” (or to continue marketing a “new tobacco product” covered by the current compliance policy for Deemed Tobacco Products that were on the U.S. market on August 8, 2016) could be obtained via any of the following three authorization pathways: (1) submission of a PMTA and receipt of a marketing authorization order; (2) submission of a substantial equivalence report and receipt of a substantial equivalence order; or (3) submission of a request for an exemption from substantial equivalence requirements and receipt of a substantial equivalence exemption determination. Since there were few, if any, e-liquid, e-cigarette, or other vaping products on the market as of February 15, 2007, there is no way to utilize the less onerous substantial equivalence or substantial equivalence exemption pathways that traditional tobacco companies can utilize for cigarettes, smokeless tobacco, and other traditional tobacco products. In order to obtain marketing authorizations, manufacturers of practically all e-liquid, e-cigarette, or other vaping products would have to use the PMTA pathway, which could potentially cost $1.0 million or more per application. Furthermore, the Deeming Regulation created a significant barrier to entry for any new e-liquid, e-cigarette, or other vaping product seeking to enter the market after August 8, 2016, since any such product would require an FDA marketing authorization through one of the aforementioned pathways. We filed a PMTA for the Nautilus Prime open system vaping products on September 9, 2020, and the FDA has not to date taken final action on our PMTA. For this reason, and based on public FDA statements, it appears that the FDA would not prioritize enforcement of the premarket review requirements against any covered Nautilus Prime products during the continued pendency of the PMTA’s review, despite the fact that the one-year compliance period closed on September 9, 2021. We believe that, when equipped with IKE’s age-gating technology, there is a path to getting an approval for ENDS products with characterizing flavors other than tobacco and menthol, as they will have strong technological barriers to prevent youth usage. This belief was borne out by the May 5, 2026 authorization of the Glas ENDS product PMTAs. IKE met with the FDA on November 13, 2024, and submitted a “component” PMTA on this technology in April of 2025; however, there can be no guarantee that the FDA will approve our PMTA or any other PMTA we submit that contains the IKE age-gating technology. IKE has met with FDA 2 additional times in 2026, including a June 15, 2026 meeting with the acting FDA commissioner. Further, although we are not marketing e-cigarette products in the United States market, and we can contractually prohibit our distributors from selling our e-cigarette vaping products in the United States market, in the event that those products are sold in the United States market, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to regulatory or enforcement action as a result of such products’ being sold in the United States. Though it is highly unlikely, we may also face regulatory or enforcement action from the FDA for certain of our products that remained distributed in the United States between September 9, 2020, and April 30, 2021, and for which we did not file a PMTA by the September 9, 2020, deadline. While we have taken steps intended to ensure that no such distribution occurs, we cannot assure you that, should the FDA prioritize these violations for regulatory action, the FDA will follow its standard of approach of issuing a public warning letter and seeking voluntary corrective action rather than initiating an enforcement action under its various Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act authorities. Such a result could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In the event that similar legislation or regulations are adopted with respect to cannabis products, our business is likely to be materially impaired since all of our sales of cannabis products were in the United States. 22 Recently enacted legislation and regulations in the United States may make it more difficult to sell nicotine and cannabis vaping products in the United States. Provisions of the 2021 Appropriations Act subjected e-cigarettes and other vaping devices (including, based on recent regulations, cannabis and hemp vaporization products that aerosolize liquids), as well as e-liquids products, to the provisions of the Prevent All Cigarette Trafficking Act of 2009 (the “PACT Act”), which imposes stringent rules on interstate shippers and, in particular, online sellers. Under the PACT Act, interstate shippers must register with the U.S. Attorney General and the tobacco tax administrator of each jurisdiction into which they ship products as well as submit monthly reports to such tobacco tax administrators. In addition, online retailers making delivery sales to consumers must also (i) verify the age of customers using a commercially available database, (ii) use private shipping services that collect an adult signature and verify the recipient’s age using government-issued identification at the point of delivery, (iii) if shipping to jurisdictions that tax vaping products, collect and remit all applicable local and state taxes and comply with all applicable licensing requirements of the recipient’s jurisdiction, (iv) comply with shipping-package quantity restrictions and labeling requirements, and (v) maintain records for five years of any delivery interrupted because the carrier or delivery service determines or has reason to believe that the person ordering the delivery is in violation of the PACT Act. Shippers and delivery sellers who do not comply with the PACT Act are subject to civil and criminal penalties. Accordingly, compliance with the requirements of the PACT Act may significantly increase the costs of our and our customers’ online businesses, increasing the prices of our products sold online and making them less attractive to consumers as compared to products sold at local retailers. In addition, failure to comply with the PACT Act could expose us to significant penalties that could materially adversely affect our business and our financial condition and results of operations. Further, as a result of the issuance of final regulations implementing the PACT Act amendments by the United States Postal Service (the “USPS”), the USPS generally prohibits the mailing of such products, subject to potential exceptions already applicable to combusted cigarettes and smokeless tobacco (e.g., for shipments between legally operating businesses). The USPS issued these final regulations on October 21, 2021, and the regulations took effect immediately. Further, the most commonly used carriers, Federal Express and United Parcel Service, have recently announced that they would cease all deliveries of vapor products. These restrictions on use of the USPS to ship our products and the decisions by private carriers not to deliver vapor products in the United States could materially impair our ability to sell products in the United States which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, since most of our revenue from cannabis vapor product sales is from sales to other cannabis vaping brands, if our customers are not able to deliver product in the United States, which is the largest market for cannabis vaping products, our ability to generate revenue from cannabis products would be materially impaired. We use a combination of advanced accounting software and PACT Act compliant carriers to remain compliant with the tax and delivery restrictions of the PACT Act. To the extent that the carriers that we currently use change their policies and refuse to ship or are prohibited from shipping vaping products and we are not able to find other carriers that are PACT Act compliant, our business and prospects will be materially impaired, and we may not be able to continue in the cannabis vaping business. We are exposed to risks relating to our relationship with a related party, and we may not be able to successfully operate manufacturing operations. The majority of our products are presently manufactured by Shenzhen Yi Jia, a related party. Due to the reliance on our business relationship with Shenzhen Yi Jia, any interruption of its operations, any failure of Shenzhen Yi Jia to accommodate our growing business demands, any termination or suspension of our cooperation terms, or any deterioration of cooperative relationships with Shenzhen Yi Jia may materially and adversely affect our operation. Failure by Shenzhen Yi Jia to provide us satisfactory products and/or services in a timely manner is likely to have a have material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. There is a risk in relying on any third-party supplier in that we are dependent on the supplier’s ability to produce a product which meets our quality standards and delivery requirements as well as being dependent upon the supplier’s priorities. These risks are present when the supplier is controlled by Tuanfang Liu, our chief executive officer. We do not presently have any plans to engage another supplier since Shenzhen Yi Jia is familiar with our products, and we are devoting our efforts to establishing our own production facilities with no assurance that we can successfully operate our new and to-be developed manufacturing facilities. 23 If it is determined or perceived that the usage of nicotine or cannabis vaping products poses long-term health risks, the use of vaping products may decline significantly, which is likely to materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Since vaping products were only introduced to the market in the last two decades and are rapidly evolving, studies relating to the long-term health effects of nicotine and cannabis vaping product usage are still ongoing. Currently, there remain uncertainties regarding whether vaping products are sufficiently safe for their intended use, and health risks associated with the usage of vaping products have been under scrutiny. According to the WHO, there is no conclusive evidence that the use of nicotine vaping products facilitates smoking cessation. The WHO recommended governments to strengthen relevant laws and regulations on the sale of vaping products, including to, among others, prohibit marketing strategies targeting the underage and the non-smoking population. Negative publicity on the health consequences of vaping products or other similar devices may also adversely affect the usage of vaping products. For example, the FDA and the CDC issued a joint statement on August 30, 2019, linking a number of cases of respiratory illnesses to nicotine vaping product use. On November 8, 2019, the CDC announced that it had preliminarily linked cases of severe respiratory illness to the presence of Vitamin E acetate, which was found in certain cannabis-derived tetrahydrocannabinol-containing vaping cartridges not intended for use with nicotine-containing e-liquids that may have been obtained illegally. However, evidence is not sufficient to rule out the contribution of other chemicals of concern, including chemicals in either cannabis or non-cannabis products. In January 2020, after further research, the FDA and CDC recommended against the use of cannabis-containing vaping products, especially those from unofficial sources, and that the underage, pregnant women and adults who do not currently use tobacco products should not start using vaping products. On February 25, 2020, the CDC issued a final update, stating that the number of cases of severe respiratory illnesses had declined to single digits as of February 9, 2020. The CDC also reconfirmed that (i) Vitamin E acetate, which was found in some cannabis-derived vaping cartridges that were mostly obtained illegally, was strongly linked to and indicated to be the primary cause of the severe respiratory illnesses, and (ii) cannabis-derived vaping products from illicit sources were linked to most cases of severe respiratory illnesses. If vaping product usage is determined or perceived to pose long-term health risks or to be linked to illnesses, the usage of vaping products may significantly decline, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any perceived correlation between cannabis and Vitamin E acetate may adversely affect the public’s perception of vaping products in general, regardless of whether such products contain cannabis and/or Vitamin E acetate and may impact sales of our cannabis vapor product. Because cannabis oil, unlike nicotine oil, is not of a uniform quality, products we design may not perform as intended, which could result in a loss of business. We do not include cannabis oil in our products. The cannabis oil is provided by our customer before selling the product or a cartridge with oil is inserted in the product by the customer or the end user. Unlike nicotine oil, cannabis oil is not of a uniform quality or viscosity. If the end user uses cannabis oil that is too viscous for our product and does not have the desired experience from the product, our client may reject an order, cancel an order or seek a refund of the payment made to us and/or discontinue purchasing our products. These refunds and the cost of cancellation of orders are reflected as sales return. The amount of sales return for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2026 was $2,551,966 and $3,778,854, respectively. We cannot assure you that we will not incur significant warranty expenses and lose business as a result cannabis oil not providing the end user’s desired experience or that we will not lose significant business as a result of this problem. The vaping market may develop more slowly or differently than we expect. The e-cigarette vaping market worldwide has experienced rapid growth through 2019 and the cannabis market is developing, with the United States accounting for the overwhelming majority of sales. The growth rate for e-cigarette products decreased in 2021 and 2022, in part, we believe, because of the steps taken by governments worldwide to address the COVID-19 pandemic, which negatively affected our revenue and industry sales in general. The growth of cannabis vaping products is largely confined to those states in the United States where recreational cannabis is legal. The growth rate may decrease or decline due to uncertainties with respect to the acceptance of vaping technologies and products, health studies relating to vaping product use, general economic conditions, disposable income growth, and pace of development of technologies and other factors. There can be no assurance that the penetration of vaping products among adult smokers will further deepen, or that the tobacco and cannabis vaping market will grow at a pace that we expect. Additionally, vapor market development is subject to the uncertainty of overall regulatory landscape for such products, which may have a material impact on the market development of vaping products, particularly in Western Europe. There can be no assurance that the regulatory regime will be favorable to us or nicotine or cannabis vaping products in general. It is also uncertain whether our products and services will achieve and sustain high levels of market acceptance and meet users’ expectations. Our ability to increase the sales of our vaping products depends on several factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including users’ receptiveness towards and adoption of vaping technologies and products, market awareness of our brand, the market acceptance of our products and services, the “word-of-mouth” effects of our products and services, our ability to attract, retain and effectively train customer representatives, our ability to develop effective relationships with distributors and expand our distribution networks and the cost, performance and functionality of our products and services and meeting consumer trends. The market for nicotine products has recently seen a change in consumer preference as closed systems are overtaking open systems in market share. If we are not successful in implementing our business strategies, developing our vaping products, anticipating consumer trends or reaching adult smokers, or if these users do not accept our vaping products, the market for our products may not develop or may develop more slowly than we expect, any of which could materially and adversely affect our profitability and growth prospects. 24 We have historically reported negative cash flows and we may not achieve positive cash flows in the future. Our company has historically experienced negative cash flows. The timing and extent of our achieving positive cash flows remain subject to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, factors outside of our control such as the impact of new policies and regulations in China regarding Chinese nicotine vapor manufacturers and the export of their products, global trade policy, our ability to successfully establish local supply chain partnerships in Malaysia, general market conditions, and many others. If we are unable to achieve positive cash flows on our current timeline, the trading price of our common stock could decrease, negatively impacting our ability to raise capital when needed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We currently have invested in joint ventures with independent third parties in which we have less than a controlling interest. Our interest in the joint ventures could be further diluted through future financings. We currently hold a 40% ownership interest in IKE and a 49% ownership interest in Jin Wu, with independent third parties holding the remaining 60% and 51%, respectively. As of June 30, 2026, we had an aggregate of $8,611,823 invested in advances to IKE. Our joint ventures are currently pre-revenue and, to the extent that our joint ventures’ cash from operations remains insufficient to fund capital expenditures or continue to develop their respective products, IKE or Jin Wu may be required to incur borrowings or raise capital through public or private debt or equity offerings. Each of our joint ventures’ ability to obtain bank financing or to access the capital markets may be limited by its financial condition at the time of any such financing or offering, as well as by general economic and capital market conditions and contingencies and uncertainties that are beyond our or our joint ventures’ control. Even if our joint ventures are successful in obtaining the necessary funds, the terms of such financings could limit their ability to pay distributions to their respective equity holders, including us. In addition, incurring debt may cause our joint ventures to incur interest expense and increase their respective financial leverage, and the issuance by either IKE or Jin Wu of additional equity interests may result in significant dilution to existing equity holders of IKE or Jin Wu, including us, which could materially diminish our ownership and economic interests in the applicable joint venture. Property Ownership Through IKE or Jin Wu Could Limit Our Control of Those Investments and Reduce Our Expected Return. Joint venture investments may involve risks not otherwise present for investments made solely by us, including the possibility that our co-venturer might become bankrupt, that our co-venturer might at any time have different interests or goals than us and that our co-venturer may take action contrary to our instructions, requests, policies or objectives. In addition, our co-venturer could have different investment criteria that would impact the assets held by the joint venture or its interest in the joint venture, which may also reduce the carrying value of its equity investments if a loss in the carrying value of the investment is realized. These situations could have an impact on our revenues from IKE and/or Jin Wu. Other risks of our investments in IKE and Jin Wu include impasse on decisions, such as the decision to sell or finance a property or leasing decisions with anchor tenants, because neither our co-venturers nor us would have full control over the joint venture. These factors could limit the return that we receive from such investment, cause our cash flows to be lower than our estimates or lead to business conflicts or litigation. There is no limitation under our Certificate of Incorporation, or our Amended and Restated Bylaws, as to the amount of funds that we may invest in IKE or Jin Wu. In addition, our co-venturers may not have access to sufficient capital to satisfy their funding obligations to the joint venture, if any. Furthermore, if credit conditions in the capital markets deteriorate, we could be required to reduce the carrying value of our equity method investments if a loss in the carrying value of the investment is realized or considered an other than temporary decline. As of June 30, 2026, we had $8,611,823 of investment in and advances to IKE. 25 Our ability to receive cash from our joint ventures depends entirely on their respective governing body’s discretion, and there is no assurance our joint ventures will ever distribute cash to their equity holders. Payments to us by our joint ventures, if any, will be contingent upon their respective earnings and financial condition. The board of managers of IKE or the board of directors of Jin Wu may never determine the financial condition of IKE or Jin Wu, as applicable, allows for the issuance of, or would have it be otherwise advisable to issue, a dividend or make any other distribution. In addition, should any dividend be issued or other distribution be made, the equity interests of other equity holders in our joint ventures in any dividend or other distribution made by a joint venture would need to be satisfied on a proportionate basis with us. Our joint ventures may also be subject to restrictions, in their financing or other agreements, on their ability to distribute cash to us, and, as a result, we may not be able to access its cash flow, which could materially impact the value of our investment. If our joint ventures’ business plans are unsuccessful, we may lose our entire investment. Should our joint ventures be unable to achieve profitable operations or secure sufficient capital to sustain its business, it may ultimately be required to cease operations and dissolve the company. In the event of dissolution, the amount of remaining assets available for distribution to shareholders may be minimal or nonexistent. Accordingly, there is a substantial risk that we may not recover any portion of their original investment. If the IKE’s PMTA or other FDA regulatory submissions are not successful, the value of our investment in IKE could be materially adversely affected. We believe that, when equipped with the IKE age-gating technology, there is a path to gaining approval for ENDS products with characterizing flavors other than tobacco and menthol, as they will have strong technological barriers to prevent youth usage. The FDA has repeatedly indicated that the only way it will approve characterizing flavors in ENDS devices is if they are equipped with technology to prevent youth usage. We believe the technology we have access to will be desirable to the FDA. IKE met with the FDA on November 13, 2024, and submitted a “component” PMTA on this technology in April of 2025; however, there can be no guarantee that the FDA will approve our PMTA or any other PMTA submitted that contains the IKE age-gating technology. If we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), including as a result of our ownership of the Operating Company, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Under Sections 3(a)(1)(A) and (C) of the 1940 Act, a company generally will be deemed to be an “investment company” for purposes of the 1940 Act if (1) it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, or (2) it engages, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding