ITEM 1. Business Overview We are committed to delivering superior products that challenge industry norms, with the goal of delivering an unmatched customer and adult consumer experience. In achieving this, risk reduction is central to our mission, and we aim to improve the lives of our consumers through cutting-edge research and development. Our technology platforms look to reduce youth access to vaping products, which in turn will facilitate our ability to provide adult consumers with the products they desire. We are engaged in the research and development, design, commercialization, sales, marketing and distribution of branded and non-branded vaping hardware products in both the nicotine and cannabis spaces, as well as the assembly of nicotine pouch products and other next-generation nicotine products. Vaping refers to the practice of inhaling and exhaling the vapor produced by an electronic vaping device. These products are sold into the global nicotine markets in the form of e-cigarettes and global cannabis markets in the form of cartridges filled with oils by our customers. We sell our e-cigarette and pouch products globally, in markets where we are legally permitted to do so. To date, a majority of our nicotine products are marketed under the “Aspire” brand name and are sold primarily through our expansive distribution network, some products are also manufactured in Malaysia on an OEM or ODM for other customers. We currently sell our cannabis vaping hardware in the United States, Canada, and South Africa. However, we are continuing to develop our sales network across Europe, South America, and other regions in preparation for legalization in these markets. Our cannabis products are marketed under the Ispire brand name, primarily on an original design manufacturer (“ODM”) basis to other cannabis vapor companies including multi and single-state operators, brand owners and co-packers. ODM generally involves the design and customization of core products to meet each brand’s unique image and needs. Our hardware products are sold by our customers under their own brand names. We do not “touch the cannabis plant” in the production and sale of our hardware products and thus are not subject to the specific cannabis-related regulatory and taxation provisions of the industry (e.g., IRS Code Section 280E). Some of our products use our BDC (bottom dual coil) coil technology which uses bottom dual coils to provide much higher temperature and an expanded heating which we believe achieves much greater flavor and vapor production than other available technologies. We believe that the use of our dual-coil technology enhances the flavor performance of e-liquid, and the hidden wick cotton with special designed wick holes can both extend the tank e-liquid capacity and improve the speed of wicking to increase the coil life. We believe that our BVC (bottom vertical coil) coil represents a significant technological breakthrough for us in coil technology utilizing a vertical heating wire surrounded by cotton. This design can enable the coil heating to provide uniform temperature from the tank, together with more efficient wicking. This technology, which was originally introduced by Aspire Global in 2014, enables the coil to last longer while still giving users what we believe is the purest and cleanest taste from e-liquids. In addition to our BDC and BVC technologies, we believe that our Cleito tank brings new and innovative technological advancement to the vaping industry. The Cleito uses a revolutionary coil design that replaces the standard chimney and, we believe, delivers maximized airflow. This design frees up even more restriction in the airflow by eliminating the need for a static chimney within the tank itself, which results in an expanded flavor profile and increased vapor production. Combined with a Clapton kanthal coil for maximum flavor, the Cleito tank delivers a rush of intense flavor and huge vapor with a broad profile. The simple top-fill design makes filling the device very easy and more convenient and enjoyable to use. Our Ispire cannabis vapor products use our patented DuCore™ (Dual Coil) technology for cannabis vaporizers. This technology enables users to create massive plumes of vape without burning the cannabis oil. These products incorporate our patented dual coil technology for what we believe is best-in-class airflow and taste, and our technology for eliminating the leakage of the oil from the unit, which overcomes a major disadvantage with many existing products. In June 2023, we introduced our proprietary Ispire ONE™ technology and products. Ispire ONE™ is designed to eliminate capping issues in the manufacturing/co-packing process; increase consistency and quality of the filled devices; eliminate leaking, spitting, or overheating for cartridges, disposables, and PODs; and improve consumer safety, as the devices are sealed in a sterilized factory environment to eliminate risk of contamination during filling process by Ispire’s customers. In addition, Ispire ONE™ offers a more streamlined approach to cartridge filling versus conventional methods improving productivity and lowing production costs per unit. We have recently begun development and early commercialization efforts of our new patented G-Mesh technology, which will be marketed under a “Silica Series” trademark brand name. The G-Mesh technology uses a 1-millimeter-thick sheet of porous glass and draws e-liquid from a reservoir to an interlocking mesh coil on the opposing side of the glass core. We believe that this innovative new design allows for improved particle size for better nicotine uptake, flavor that is superior to that generated by ceramic coils, and what we believe could be less hazardous vaping by eliminating the risk of ceramic dust. 1 A majority of our products are manufactured and supplied by Shenzhen Yi Jia, which is 95% owned by our chief executive officer, chairman and controlling stockholder, Tuanfang Liu. We have taken steps toward the establishment and operation of our own manufacturing facilities. On February 5, 2024, we commenced manufacturing on two of the six lines in our approximately 31,000 square foot manufacturing facility in Malaysia. This facility is operational, with its current manufacturing operations focused on the assembly of components that we purchase from other companies. Our Malaysian facility has received several ISO certifications, including ISO9001, ISO14001, ISO13485, and a GMP certification, and in May 2025, we received an interim license from the Malaysian Government for the manufacturing of nicotine products. On March 17, 2026, Ispire Malaysia received full and final licensure from the Ministry of Investment, Trade and Industry of Malaysia to manufacture nicotine vapor products in the country of Malaysia. This full and final licensure replaces Ispire Malaysia’s interim license issued in May 2025. Because we have only recently commenced Malaysian assembly operations, we may encounter unexpected timing issues or operational and regulatory challenges which could impact our ability to be fully operational on our expected time schedule. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively and efficiently operate our facilities, or profitably or efficiently manage variations in manufacturing costs, capacity and demand planning issues, workforce and labor pricing, and local labor laws. Any one of these items could negatively impact the costs of production and thus our gross margins. We sell the Aspire brand of tobacco vaporizer technology products in more than 30 countries through our global network of more than 100 distributors. The primary markets for our e-cigarette products are Europe and the Asia Pacific region, which does not include the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”). The following table sets out the breakdown of our revenue and percentage by region for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2026 based on information provided to us by our distributors (dollars in thousands) and from the company’s sales. Year Ended June 30, 2025 2026 Revenue % Revenue % Europe $ 74,107 58.1 % $ 61,430 63.9 % North America (the U.S. and Canada) 32,568 25.5 % 15,128 15.8 % Asia Pacific (excluding PRC) 12,274 9.6 % 10,919 11.4 % Others 8,545 6.7 % 8,538 8.9 % Total 127,494 100 % 96,015 100 % Acquisition of Our Business from a Related Party We were formed on June 13, 2022. We have three operating subsidiaries, Aspire North America LLC, a California limited liability company (“Aspire North America”), Ispire Malaysia Sdn Bhd (“Ispire Malaysia), a Federation of Malaysia corporation, and Aspire Science and Technology Limited, a Hong Kong corporation (“Aspire Science”). On July 29, 2022, we acquired 100% of the equity interest in Aspire North America from Aspire Global Inc. (“Aspire Global”), and our wholly-owned subsidiary Ispire International Limited, a British Virgin Islands corporation (“Ispire International”), acquired 100% of the equity interest in Aspire Science from a wholly-owned subsidiary of Aspire Global in connection with a restructure by Aspire Global pursuant to which the equity in Aspire North America and Aspire Science was transferred to us, and, at the time of the transfer, we had the same stockholders as Aspire Global. Aspire North America commenced marketing cannabis vaping products in mid-2020. Aspire Science markets nicotine vaping products worldwide, except for the PRC and Russia. Aspire Global is a related party. Tuanfang Liu is Aspire Global’s chief executive officer and a director of both us and Aspire Global, and his wife, Jiangyan Zhu, is also a director of both companies. Mr. Liu and Ms. Zhu beneficially own 57.6% and 4.3%, respectively, of our outstanding Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share and 66.5% and 5.0% of Aspire Global’s ordinary shares. Upon our formation we issued 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock to the stockholders of Aspire Global in the same proportion as their stockholdings in Aspire Global. We presently purchase the majority of our e-cigarette and cannabis vaping hardware from Shenzhen Yi Jia. Pursuant to agreements dated January 27, 2023, between Aspire North America and Shenzhen Yi Jia and between Aspire Science and Shenzhen Yi Jia, we purchase our cannabis and tobacco vaping products form Shenzhen Yi Jia at market prices, provided that the price, delivery, warranty and other terms are no less favorable to us than the price, delivery, warranty and other terms that are provided to any other customer of Shenzhen Yi Jia. 2 Our intellectual property was developed primarily by our chief executive officer, Tuanfang Liu. Our research and development team is headed by Mr. Liu. Our intellectual property was owned by Shenzhen Yi Jia, which had patents or patent application in the United States, the PRC, the European Union and elsewhere relating to various functional and ornamental aspects of our products. These patents cover both the cannabis and tobacco products. Pursuant to the Intellectual Property Transfer Agreement, Mr. Liu, Aspire Global and Shenzhen Yi Jia transferred to Aspire North America all patent and other intellectual property rights, including trademarks, Know-how and Know-how Documentation, as defined in the agreement, relating to the cannabis vaping products, and to transfer to us any new intellectual property developed or acquired by Mr. Liu, Aspire Global and Shenzhen Yi Jia which relates to cannabis vaping products. The patents have been transferred to Aspire North America for nil consideration. Pursuant to the Intellectual Property License Agreement (the “License Agreement”), Mr. Liu, Aspire Global and Shenzhen Yi Jia granted Aspire Science a perpetual, royalty-free sole license to use Licensed Technology worldwide, except for the PRC and Russia. This license is for exclusive use of the Licensed Technology, so no other parties may use or practice this intellectual property . The Licensed Technology includes all patents, know-how, know-how documentation and trademarks, whether now existing or hereafter developed or acquired by, or for, Mr. Liu, Aspire Global and/or Shenzhen Yi Jia that relate, directly or indirectly, to the e-cigarette market. Pursuant to the License Agreement, neither Mr. Liu, Aspire Global nor Shenzhen Yi Jia has any right to market or sell or grant distributors the right to market or sell tobacco vaping products in the world other than in the PRC and Russia. Matters Relating to PRC Laws Our operations are located in Hong Kong, the United States and Malaysia. We do not conduct business and we do not have any employees, assets or funds in mainland China. Although most of our cash is in Hong Kong banks, a significant portion of these funds is to be paid to related parties. See “ Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions .” Although Tuanfang Liu, our chief executive officer, lives in mainland China, where Shenzhen Yi Jia is located, the services that he performs for us in his capacity as our chief executive officer are performed primarily in Hong Kong and the United States. In addition to serving as our chief executive officer, Mr. Liu is chairman of Shenzhen Yi Jia, and the services he provides in mainland China are performed in his capacity as chairman of Shenzhen Yi Jia. We have 17 employees based in the United States and where our research and development activities are conducted, 58 in Malaysia, and 13 employees in Hong Kong. Our facilities are located primarily in Malaysia and the United States, where we lease more than 37,100 square feet of office and storage space and where our research and development activities are conducted, as compared with 1,850 square feet of office space in Hong Kong. We are also leasing approximately 162,320 square feet for our manufacturing facility in Malaysia. We do not have any variable interest entities arrangements or any similar agreements in mainland China. As of the date of this Annual Report, we do not believe we are subject to PRC Laws applicable to those Chinese companies established in mainland China, based on advice from Han Kun Law Offices. We have three operating subsidiaries established in California, Malaysia, and Hong Kong. Hong Kong was established as a special administrative region of the PRC in accordance with Article 31 of the Constitution of the PRC. The Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC (the “Basic Law”) was adopted and promulgated on April 4, 1990 and became effective on July 1, 1997, when the PRC resumed the exercise of sovereignty over Hong Kong. Pursuant to the Basic Law, Hong Kong is authorized by the National People’s Congress of the PRC to exercise a high degree of autonomy and enjoy executive, legislative and independent judicial power, and the PRC laws and regulations shall not be applied to Hong Kong, other than those relating to national defense, foreign affairs, and certain other matters that are not within the scope of autonomy of Hong Kong. While the National People’s Congress of the PRC has the power to amend the Basic Law, the Basic Law also expressly provides that no amendment to the Basic Law shall contravene the established basic policies of the PRC regarding Hong Kong. As a result, as of the date of this Annual Report, national laws of the PRC that would be applicable to us if we were a Chinese corporation do not apply to our Hong Kong subsidiary. However, there is no assurance that certain PRC laws and regulations, including existing laws and regulations and those enacted or promulgated in the future, will not be applicable to our Hong Kong subsidiary due to change in the current political arrangements between mainland China and Hong Kong or other unforeseeable reasons. The application of such laws and regulations may have a material adverse impact on us, as relevant PRC authorities may impose fines and penalties upon our Hong Kong subsidiary, delay or restrict the repatriation of the proceeds from this offering into Hong Kong, and any failure of us to fully comply with such new regulatory requirements may significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our Common Stock, cause significant disruption to our business operations, and severely damage our reputation, which would materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and cause our Common Stock to significantly decline in value or in extreme cases, become worthless. 3 Our Corporate Organization We are a Delaware corporation, incorporated on June 13, 2022. Aspire North America, LLC, a California limited liability company, was formed on February 22, 2020, and 100% of its ownership was transferred to Aspire Global on September 23, 2020, and was transferred by Aspire Global to Ispire Technology on July 29, 2022. Aspire Science, a Hong Kong corporation, was formed on December 9, 2016, as a subsidiary of Aspire Global, and 100% of its equity was transferred to our subsidiary, Ispire International, on July 29, 2022. Ispire International was organized on July 6, 2022. Ispire Malaysia Sdn Bhd was formed by on our behalf by Tuanfang Liu, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, under the laws of the Federation of Malaysia on August 2, 2023, and assigned to us on September 22, 2023. In October 2024, the Company established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Magellan Trading LLC (“Magellan Trading”) incorporated under the laws of the State of California to assist in operations and logistics for the Company. In January 2025, the Company established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Ispire Products UK LTD (“Ispire UK”) incorporated under the laws of England and Wales to assist in sales and marketing for the Company. Ispire UK was dissolved in October 2025. In May 2025, the Company established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Ispire Holdings LLC (“Ispire Holdings”) incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware to assist in administration for the Company. In June 2025, the Company established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Ispire Ike Holdings LLC (“Ispire Ike Holdings”) incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware to assist in administration for the Company. Aspire North America, Ispire Malaysia, and Aspire Science are our operating companies. The following chart shows our corporate structure. 4 Our Strategy We are implementing a multi-prong growth strategy directed at increasing the sales of our e-cigarette and cannabis vaporizer technology products. In addition to increasing sales to our existing customers, we plan to increase sales of our e-cigarette vaporizer technology and nicotine pouch products by increasing the number of distributors and regions where our products are sold. We plan to increase sales of our cannabis products by increasing sales to existing customers, increasing our customer base in the United States and seeking to penetrate the Canadian and European markets as they develop. We closely follow the legalization of cannabis globally and plan to enter markets when opportunities arise. Research and development is at the core of our business. We will continue to innovate via our own research and development efforts. Tuanfang Liu, our chief executive officer, developed the patented DuCoreTM technology, which is being assigned to us enabling our cannabis vaporizer products to heat cannabis oil, which, we believe is the first leak-proof patented design, which enables the consumer to get the full flavor experience of the cannabis. We will continue to expand our technology leadership and invest in vaporizer and similar technology research and development. Our present products are designed for adult use. Our research and development activities will be oriented to focus on both medical and recreational usages of cannabis products. We recognize that industry trends can change rapidly. We believe that our products must be at the forefront of technology if we are going to develop our business. The cannabis vaping business is in its early stages and we will seek to develop a strong and leading position in this market. Currently, this market is largely in the United States and we plan to be at the forefront as other markets develop. Through our global sales network, we have a strong understanding of all of the markets in which our products are sold. We will use online forum and community groups as a means to increase engagement and collect feedback for future improvements in product research and development. We will seek to introduce new products to meet customer needs based on our assessment of the direction of the market. We will also pursue mergers and acquisitions and strategic relationships to increase our technological human resources and technology and product portfolio. We believe that we have a strong management team adept at integrating such acquisitions and that we are an attractive platform to potential acquirees. We plan to develop further manufacturing capabilities. However, currently, and for the foreseeable near term, our manufacturing operations will primarily involve the assembly of products from components manufactured for us in accordance with our specifications. We are expanding our cannabis and e-cigarette Original Equipment Manufacturer (“OEM”) and ODM business. OEM generally means making and selling the products as we design them and putting customers’ logos on the products. For OEM products, cost is important to the customer. ODM generally involves the design and customization of the core products to meet each brand’s unique image and needs. For ODM products, our customers often consider technology, performance and uniqueness more important than cost, which is often a secondary consideration. Historically, for our e-cigarette products, we have focused on building and growing our own branded business, with OEM and ODM sales accounting for a minor portion of our revenue. OEM and ODM sales accounted for approximately $36.4 million and $35.6 million, or 40.2% and 44.5%, of total revenue of e-cigarette products in the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2026, respectively. As Aspire Global continued to innovate in the last decade and the Aspire brand has become recognized as a leading innovator in the vaping industry, Aspire Science has been sought after by other brands for OEM and ODM work. We believe that OEM and ODM for our e-cigarette products will represent a key growth area for us in the future. In seeking to introduce new products, we rely upon our chief executive officer and chairman, Tuanfang Liu, who has been largely responsible for the development of the technology underlying our e-cigarette and cannabis vaping products. Sales of our cannabis products to date are largely sales to cannabis brands on an ODM basis, and, while some hardware products are sold to end users, we anticipate that our cannabis product sales will continue to be primarily ODM sales for the near future. It is the responsibility of our customers, which are cannabis brands, to manufacture the cannabis oil and load the oil into our vaping hardware product. None of our products include cannabis oil or hemp oil. We are also actively pursuing various technological innovations to prevent youth usage of e-cigarettes. Our IKE joint venture (described more fully within) is a global leader in point-of-use age-gating technology for electronic nicotine delivery systems. Ispire is pursuing various product launches using the IKE age-gating technology, including work on age-gated e-cigarettes with characterizing flavors in the U.S. using the IKE age-gating technology, as well as pod systems in the UK and European markets which will have age-gating functionality. 5 Our Products E-Cigarette Products We develop and sell both branded and, to a significantly lesser extent, OEM and ODM nicotine vaping systems and components (cartridges and batteries) to meet the needs of adult users worldwide, excluding the United States, the PRC and Russia. There are generally two types of vaping systems - open systems and closed systems. Initially, all of our products were “open system” vaping devices. The term “open system” generally refers to vaping devices consisting of tanks, which include heating coils, and battery mods, which include the battery packs. Open system vaping devices allow end consumers to refill the tanks with their own liquid by themselves. With open systems, consumers have great flexibility in mixing different coils, mods, and e-liquid to create a more personalized experience. Our open system vaping devices are sold under our own brands, including “Nautilus,” and “Zestquest.” In 2018, we introduced our first “closed system” vaping device. The term “closed system” generally refers to vaping devices that consist of cartridges, which include a heating core (sometimes referred to as atomizers) and is filled with e-liquid, and batteries, which power the cartridges. The closed system vaping devices include rechargeable and disposable vaping devices. A cartridge for a closed-system vaping device typically can last from a few days to approximately two weeks, depending upon the frequency of use. We market a line of closed systems through our licensed brands under the brand name BRKFST. We believe that the market for closed system vaping devices is increasing rapidly and is becoming the dominant form of tobacco vaping. Our vaping components include cartridges, lithium batteries, metal parts such as coils, plastic parts that are molded, circuit boards (printed circuit board assembly) and liquid cartridges for our products. The cartridges of closed system vaping devices are consumable products that need to be frequently replaced. Some of our products use our BDC (bottom dual coil) coil technology which uses bottom dual coils to provide expanded heating area and achieve double flavor and vapor production. This technology allows for two separate oil tanks/cartridges to be integrated into one product/design. Each of the cartridges