ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS An investment in Darling involves substantial risks. In consultation with your financial, tax and legal advisors, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the following risks described in, as well as the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into, this report. If any of the events described in the following risk factors actually occur, our business, financial condition, prospects or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the market price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment in the common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not currently known or that are currently deemed to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business operations and financial condition or the market price of our common stock. The risks described below also include forward-looking statements and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. See the section entitled “Forward-Looking Statements” in this report. Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of some of the risks and uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this report. In addition to the summary below, you should carefully review the detailed risk factors discussed later in this section. Risks and uncertainties that may affect, or have affected, our business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not limited to, the following: • The prices of many of our products are subject to significant volatility associated with commodities markets; • Our business is dependent on the procurement of raw materials, which is a competitive aspect of our business; • The DGD Joint Venture subjects us to a number of risks; • Our renewable energy businesses, including the DGD Joint Venture, are highly dependent on government programs, incentives and regulatory frameworks, which are subject to change and uncertainty; • We are highly dependent on natural gas, diesel fuel and electricity, the prices of which can be volatile, and such dependency could materially adversely affect our business; • A significant percentage of our revenue is attributable to a limited number of suppliers and customers; • Certain of our operating facilities are highly dependent upon a single or a few suppliers; • We face risks associated with our international activities, which could negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign countries and our operations and assets in such countries; • Seasonal factors and weather, including the physical impacts of climate related changes, can impact the availability, quality and volume of raw materials that we process and negatively affect our operations; • If we or our customers are the subject of product liability or other claims or product recalls, we may incur significant and unexpected costs and our business reputation could be adversely affected; Page 19 • In certain markets we are highly dependent upon a single operating facility and various events beyond our control could cause an interruption in the operation of our facilities, which could adversely affect our business in those markets; • We may incur losses and additional costs as a result of our hedging transactions; • Media campaigns related to feed and food ingredient production or fuel production present reputational and other risks; • An impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations; • Our operations are subject to extensive and evolving environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and we could incur significant costs to comply with these requirements or be subject to sanctions or held liable for damages, including environmental damages; • Our business may be negatively impacted by the occurrence of any disease correctly or incorrectly linked to animals; • Our business may be affected by the impact of animal related disease, such as BSE, and by other food safety or food regulatory issues; • P andemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks, may disrupt our business, including, among other things, our supply chain and production processes, each of which could materially affect our operations, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations; • We may be subject to work stoppages at our operating facilities, which could cause interruptions in the manufacturing or distribution of our products; • Certain U.S. multiemployer defined benefit pension plans to which we contribute are underfunded and these plans may require minimum funding contributions or we may be subject to liabilities due to a termination of, or our withdrawal from, such plans; • Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition; • Despite our existing level of indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries could substantially increase our indebtedness, which could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition described above; • We may not generate sufficient cash to service all of our debt and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our debt obligations, which may not be successful; • Our ability to make payments on our debt depends in part on the performance of our subsidiaries, including our non-guarantor subsidiaries, and their ability to transfer funds to members of our group liable to make payments on our debt; • The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile, which could cause the value of your investment to decline; • Our ability to pay any dividends on our common stock may be limited and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock; • Future sales of our common stock or the issuance of other equity may adversely affect the market price of our common stock; • Our common stock is an equity security and is subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness; • The issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely affect holders of common stock, which may negatively impact your investment; • We may incur material costs and liabilities in complying with government regulations; • Downturns and volatility in global economies and commodity and credit markets could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition; • We may not successfully identify and complete acquisitions or joint ventures on favorable terms or achieve anticipated synergies relating to any acquisitions or joint ventures, and such acquisitions or joint ventures could result in unknown liabilities, unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and require significant management resources; • Our business may be adversely impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could affect our ability to comply with our financial covenants; • Large capital projects can take many years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate over time, negatively impacting project returns; • Changes in consumer preference could negatively impact our business; • If we experience difficulties or a significant disruption in our information systems or if we fail to implement new systems and software successfully, our business could be materially adversely affected; Page 20 • Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services, while data privacy and cybersecurity laws continue to proliferate presenting heightened regulatory risk; • Artificial intelligence could subject the Company to loss through various internal and external risks; • Our success is dependent on our key personnel; • We could have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting that would require remediation; • Changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could impact our profitability; • Litigation or regulatory proceedings may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition; • Our European pension funds may require minimum funding contributions; • The insurance coverage that we maintain may not cover, or fully cover, all operational risks, and if the number or severity of claims for which we are self-insured increases, if we are required to accrue or pay additional amounts because the claims prove to be more severe than our recorded liabilities, if our insurance premiums increase or if we are unable to obtain insurance at acceptable rates or at all, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected; • We may divest certain of our brands or businesses from time to time, which could adversely affect us; • Terrorist attacks or acts of war may cause damage or disruption to us and our employees, facilities, information systems, security systems, suppliers and customers, which could materially and adversely affect our net sales, costs and expenses and financial condition; • We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights; • Our products, processes, methods, and equipment may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others, which may cause us to incur unexpected costs or prevent us from selling our products; • The healthcare reform legislation in the United States and its implementing regulations could impact the healthcare benefits we are required to provide our employees in the United States and cause our compensation costs to increase, potentially reducing our net income and adversely affecting our cash flows; • We may incur significant charges and experience disruptions or losses of customer and/or supplier relationships in the event we close or divest all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility; and • We may not be able to achieve our climate, sustainability or other such goals, targets or objectives. Risks Related to our Business The prices of many of our products are subject to significant volatility associated with commodities markets. Our principal finished products in our Feed Ingredients segment include MBM, PM, BFT, YG, PG, BBP and hides, which are commodities. We also manufacture and sell a number of other products that are derived from animal by-products and many of which are commodities or compete with commodities. The prices of these commodities are quoted on, or derived from prices quoted on, established commodity markets. Accordingly, our results of operations will be affected by fluctuations in the prevailing market prices of these finished products or of other commodities that may be substituted for our products by our customers. Historically, market prices for commodity grains, fats and food stocks have fluctuated in response to a number of factors, including global changes in supply and demand resulting from changes in local and global economic conditions, global government agriculture programs, energy policies of U.S. and foreign governments, and international agricultural trading policies, the impact of disease outbreaks on protein sources and the potential effect on supply and demand, as well as weather conditions during the growing and harvesting seasons. A significant decrease in the market price of any of our products or of other commodities that may be substituted for our products would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flow. Furthermore, rapid and material changes in finished goods prices, including competing agricultural-based alternative ingredients, generally have an immediate and, often times, material impact on the Company’s gross margin and profitability resulting from the lapse of time between the procurement of the raw materials and the sale of the finished goods. Increases in the market prices of raw materials would require us to raise prices for our premium, value-added and branded products to avoid margin deterioration. We may not be able to implement future price increases in response to increases in the market prices of raw materials, and any such price increases may have adverse impacts on future sales volumes. Our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected in the future by this volatility. Furthermore, an increased preference by meat processors for alternative feed ingredients, such as all vegetable diets in the case of poultry producers, could negatively impact the prices of certain of our finished products that would need to be sold to alternative markets and destinations. The prices available for the Company’s Food Ingredients segment’s collagen, edible fats and natural casings products are influenced by other competing ingredients, including plant-based and synthetic hydrocolloids and artificial casings. In the Page 21 collagen operation, in particular, the cost of the Company’s animal-based raw material moves in relationship to the selling price of the finished goods. The processing time for the Food Ingredients segment’s collagen and casings is generally 30 to 60 days, which is substantially longer than the Company’s Feed Ingredients segment’s animal by-products operations. Consequently, the Company’s gross margin and profitability in this segment can be influenced by the movement of finished goods prices during the period from when the raw materials were procured until the finished goods are sold. The Company’s Fuel Ingredients segment, which converts fats and oils into biofuels (including renewable diesel and SAF), organic sludge and food waste into biogas, and fallen stock into low-grade energy sources, is impacted by world energy prices for oil, electricity and natural gas, as well as potential competition from the adoption of non-rendered feedstock in biofuel markets. The Company’s results of operations in its Feed, Food and Fuel Ingredients segments are also impacted by U.S. and foreign tariffs and trade restrictions that affect trade flows, supply and demand and market prices for the Company’s raw materials and finished products. Our business is dependent on the procurement of raw materials, which is a competitive aspect of our business. Our management believes that the most competitive aspect of our business is the procurement of raw materials rather than the sale of finished products. Many of our raw materials are derived directly or indirectly from animal by-products, which results in the following challenges: • In North America, consolidation within the meat processing industry has resulted in bigger and more efficient slaughtering operations, the majority of which utilize “captive” rendering (rendering operations integrated with the meat or poultry packing operation). • Concurrently, there has been limited to no growth in the number of small U.S. meat processors, which have historically been a dependable source of supply for non-captive or independent U.S. renderers, such as us. • The slaughter rates in the U.S. and international meat processing industry are subject to decline during poor economic conditions when consumers generally reduce their consumption of protein, and as a result, during such periods of decline, the availability, quantity and quality of raw materials available to independent renderers, such as us, decreases. In addition, raw material volumes are subject to decline due to government regulations limiting animal production. • In addition, the Company has seen an increase in the use of used cooking oil in the production of biofuels, which has increased competition for the collection of used cooking oil from restaurants and other food service establishments and contributed to an increase in the frequency and magnitude of theft of used cooking oil in the United States. • Furthermore, a decline in the general performance of the global economy (including a decline in consumer confidence and inflation) and an inability of consumers and companies to obtain credit in the financial markets could have a negative impact on our raw material volume, such as through the forced closure of any of our raw material suppliers. A significant decrease in available raw materials or a closure of a significant number of raw material suppliers could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including the carrying value of certain of our assets. The rendering industry is highly fragmented and both the rendering and bakery residual industries are very competitive. We compete with other rendering businesses and alternative methods of disposal of animal by-products, bakery residue and used cooking oil provided by trash haulers, waste management companies and biofuel companies, as well as the alternative of illegal disposal. See Item 1. “ Competition. ” In addition, U.S. restaurants experience theft of used cooking oil, the frequency and magnitude of which increases with the rise in value of used cooking oil. Depending on market conditions, we either charge a collection fee to offset a portion of the cost incurred in collecting raw material, collect on a no pay/no charge basis or pay for the raw material. To the extent suppliers of raw materials look to alternate methods of disposal, whether as a result of our collection fees being deemed too expensive, the payments we offer being deemed too low or otherwise, our raw material supply and/or collection fee revenues will decrease, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the amount of raw material acquired, which has a direct impact on the amount of finished goods produced, can also have a material effect on our gross margin reported, as the Company has a substantial amount of fixed operating costs. In addition, we utilize an extensive vehicle fleet to collect and transport raw material, for which we compete with other industries for qualified drivers, which from time to time are in short supply. Our failure to hire and retain a sufficient number of truck drivers to operate our fleet could negatively impact our ability to collect and transport raw materials in an efficient and cost-effective manner. Page 22 A majority of the Company’s U.S. volume of animal by-product raw materials, including its significant U.S. accounts, and substantially all of the Company’s U.S. bakery feed raw materials, are acquired on a “formula basis,” which allows us to adjust our costs of materials based on changes in the price of our finished products, and are in most cases set forth in contracts with our suppliers. Such contracts generally provide for multi-year terms. The formulas provided in these contracts are reviewed and modified during their term and upon renewal of the contracts to maintain acceptable risk allocations between us and our suppliers related to movements in commodity prices. Changes to these formulas or the inability to renew such contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. A majority of the Company’s Canadian volume of animal by-product raw materials are acquired on a monthly fixed-price basis with suppliers, while the remainder are acquired on a “formula basis.” A majority of Darling Ingredients International’s volume of animal by-product raw materials are acquired at spot or quarterly fixed prices. The DGD Joint Venture subjects us to a number of risks. In January 2011, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, entered into a limited liability company agreement (as subsequently amended, the “DGD LLC Agreement”) with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Valero to form the DGD Joint Venture, which was formed to design, engineer, construct and operate the DGD St. Charles Plant. Since that time, the DGD Joint Venture has completed several expansion projects and currently operates the DGD St. Charles Plant and the DGD Port Arthur Plant. As of January 3, 2026, under the equity method of accounting, we had an investment in the DGD Joint Venture of approximately $2.1 billion included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Nonetheless, the DGD Joint Venture may not continue to be profitable, may not continue to make distributions or allow us to continue to make a return on our investment, or could result in a negative return on our investment. The DGD Joint Venture’s operations are conducted through a joint venture with Valero. Accordingly, we share control with our joint venture partner over certain economic, legal and business interests of the DGD Joint Venture, who may have economic, business, o r legal interests, opportunities, or goals that are inconsistent with, or different from, our opportunities, goals, and interests, or may have different liquidity needs or financial condition characteristics than our own, be subject to different legal or contractual obligations than we are, or be unable to meet their obligations. For instance, while we share certain management rights with our joint venture partner under the DGD LLC Agreement, we do not have full control of every aspect of the DGD Joint Venture’s business and certain significant decisions concerning the DGD Joint Venture require certain approvals from our joint venture partner, including, among others, the acquisition or disposition of assets above a certain value threshold, making certain changes to the DGD Joint Venture’s business plan, raising debt or equity capital, the DGD Joint Venture’s distribution policy, and entering into particular transactions. Failure by us or our joint venture partner to adequately manage the risks associated with the DGD Joint Venture and any differences in views among us and our joint venture partner could prevent or delay actions that are in the best interests of us or the DGD Joint Venture and could have a material adverse effect on our, or the DGD Joint Venture’s, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Furthermore, our equity in net income of the DGD Joint Venture, which is based on our 50% interest in the unconsolidated earnings of the standalone DGD Joint Venture financial statements, may not always match our joint venture partner’s consolidated results and presentation. In addition, the DGD LLC Agreement limits our ability to freely transfer or sell our interest in the DGD Joint Venture. The DGD Joint Venture is subject to and dependent on governmental energy policies and programs, such as the National Renewable Fuel Standard Program (“RFS”) and low carbon fuel standards (“LCFS”) (such as those in place in the state of California), which positively impact the demand for and price of renewable diesel. Any changes to, a failure to enforce or a discontinuation of any of these programs could have a material adverse effect on the DGD Joint Venture. Further, these programs are regularly subject to expirations and renewals which, at any time, could be delayed or not renewed, and other administrative and political review which could result in limitations or other policy adjustments by the respective administrations overseeing them. See the section entitled “Risk Factors - Risks Related to our Business-Our renewable energy businesses, including the DGD Joint Venture, are highly dependent on government programs, incentives and regulatory frameworks, which are subject to change and uncertainty.” Additionally, there may be new entrants into the biofuels industry or new technologies developed that could meet demand for lower-carbon transportation fuels and modes of transportation in a more efficient or less costly manner than our technologies and products, which could also have a material adverse effect on the DGD Joint Venture. For instance, several other companies have made, or announced interest in making, investments in biofuel projects. Should these projects develop, the DGD Joint Venture would face competition from them for feedstocks and customers, which could strain margins on the products it sells and limit the growth and profitability of the DGD Joint Venture. It is not possible at this time to predict the ultimate form, timing, or extent of any such developments; however, a reduction in the demand for the DGD Joint Venture’s products as a result of any of the foregoing events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Page 23 The DGD Joint Venture’s production plants are its principal operating assets and are subject to planned and unplanned downtime and interruptions. Its operations could also be subject to significant interruption if one of its plants were to experience a major accident or mechanical failure, be damaged by severe weather or natural disasters (such as hurricanes) or man-made disasters (such as cybersecurity incidents or acts of terrorism), or otherwise be forced to shut down or curtail operations. If any of its plants, or related pipelines or terminals, were to experience an interruption in operations, our earnings could be materially and adversely affected (to the extent not recoverable through insurance) because of lost productivity and repair and other costs. In addition, the operation of a joint venture such as this involves a number of risks that could harm our business and result in the DGD Joint Venture not performing as expected, such as: • problems integrating or developing operations, personnel, technologies or products; • the unanticipated breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, including any unforeseen issues that may arise in connection with the operation of the DGD Facilities or completion and startup of any expansion or capital projects or the possibility of equipment failure as a result of materials degradation; • the inaccuracy of our assumptions about prices or demand for the biofuels (including renewable diesel and SAF) that the DGD Joint Venture produces; • unforeseen engineering or environmental issues, including new or more stringent environmental regulations affecting operations; • unforeseen capital contributions required under the DGD LLC Agreement; • the inaccuracy of our assumptions about the timing and amount of anticipated revenues and operating costs including feedstock prices; • the diversion of management time and resources; • difficulties in obtaining and maintaining permits and other regulatory issues, potential license revocations and changes in legal requirements; • adverse changes in government policies, programs and/or mandates around the world that benefit biofuels, including, without limitation, reductions, dilutions or terminations of government credits, incentives and/or subsidies for biofuels or programs or mandates requiring biofuel use; • changes in supply and demand for biofuels, including potential overproduction of biofuels against demand resulting in diminished returns and potential dilution of government credits, incentives and/or subsidies; • difficulties in establishing and maintaining relationships with suppliers and end user customers; • the risk that one or more competitive new biofuel (including renewable diesel and SAF) plants are constructed that use different technologies from the DGD Joint Venture and result in the marketing of products that are more effective as a substitute for carbon-based fuels or less expensive than the products marketed by the DGD Joint Venture; • U.S. and foreign tariffs, trade restrictions and nationalistic protections in biofuel policies favoring local production over imports could impact prices, margins and end market opportunities for the biofuels the DGD Joint Venture produces; • U.S. and foreign tariffs on biofuels and biofuel feedstocks could also have an inverse effect where biofuel imports into certain countries could be beneficially positioned from a margin standpoint over local production; • performance below expected levels of output or efficiency; • disruptions in the ability of the pipelines, vessels, or railroads to transport feedstocks or products because of weather events (such as hurricanes), accidents, derailment, collision, fire, explosion, government regulations, or third-party actions; • reliance by the DGD Joint Venture on Valero and its adjacent refinery facility for many services and processes; Page 24 • possible impairment of the acquired assets, including intangible assets, in connection with the occurrence of any other risks associated with the DGD Joint Venture; • possible third-party claims of intellectual property infringement; • inability to source sufficient feedstocks for the operation or having to increase utilization of feedstocks that produce lower margin product; and • being forced to sell our equity interests in the DGD Joint Venture pursuant to buy/sell provisions in the DGD LLC Agreement such that we would no longer continue to realize the benefits of the DGD Joint Venture. If any of these risks described above were to materialize and the operations of the DGD Joint Venture were significantly disrupted, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our renewable energy businesses, including the DGD Joint Venture, are highly dependent on government programs, incentives and regulatory frameworks, which are subject to change and uncertainty. Demand for and profitability of our biofuels (including renewable diesel and SAF), biogases and green electricity, including those of DGD, depend in significant part on government programs, mandates, tax credits and incentives in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, including renewable fuel standards, low carbon fuel programs and clean fuel tax credits. These programs are complex, subject to frequent legislative, regulatory and administrative change, and dependent on agency interpretation, guidance enforcement priorities and funding. Programs like RFS and LCFS, compliance and tax credits for biofuels and mandates for biofuel use, both in the United States and abroad, are subject to revision and change which may impact the demand for our finished products and margins. Support from the programs and credits plays an important role in the makeup of margins for the DGD Joint Venture, and, accordingly, we are exposed to volatility in the market price of these credits, including LCFS credits and RINs (which act as compliance credits under the RFS). We cannot predict the future prices of RINs, LCFS credits or other credits, nor can we predict changes or continued implementation of policies that support these programs. The EPA created the RFS program pursuant to the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. Under the RFS program, the EPA is required by statute to set annual quotas for the volume of renewable fuels that must be blended into petroleum-based transportation fuels consumed in the U.S. 14 months prior to the compliance year. The quotas are set by class of renewable fuel (e.g., biomass-based diesel, cellulosic biofuel, advanced biofuel, and total renewable fuel) and are collectively referred to as the renewable volume obligation (“RVO”). The RVO must be met by obligated parties, who are the producers and importers of the petroleum-based transportation fuels consumed in the U.S. Obligated parties demonstrate compliance annually by retiring the appropriate number of renewable identification numbers (“RINs”) associated with each class of renewable fuel to satisfy their RVO. A RIN is a compliance credit that is assigned to each gallon of qualifying renewable fuel produced in, or imported into, the U.S. under the RFS program. RINs are obtained by blending those renewable fuels into petroleum based transportation fuels, and obligated parties can also achieve compliance by purchasing RINs in the open market. Pursuant to the requirements established by the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, the finalized 2010 RFS regulation mandated the domestic use of biomass-based diesel (biodiesel, renewable diesel or renewable jet fuel) of 1.0 billion gallons in 2012 and a minimum of 1.0 billion gallons of biomass-based diesel for subsequent years. This amount is subject to increase by the Administrator of the EPA. The volume mandates for 2022 were 2.76 billion gallons for biomass-based diesel, 5.63 billion RINs for advanced biofuel, and 20.63 billion RINs for total renewable fuel. In June of 2023, the EPA published a final rule that established required RFS volumes for 2023, 2024, and 2025. For biomass-based diesel, the EPA set 2.82 billion gallons for 2023, 3.04 billion gallons for 2024, and 3.35 billion gallons for 2025. For the advanced biofuel category, the EPA set 5.94 billion RINs for 2023, 6.54 billion RINs for 2024, and 7.33 billion RINs for 2025. For total renewable fuel, the EPA set 20.94 billion RINs for 2023, 21.54 billion RINs for 2024, and 22.33 billion RINs for 2025. For RFS compliance purposes, RINs satisfy the biomass-based diesel requirement, the overall advanced biofuel requirement, and the total renewable fuel requirement. In order to generate a RIN, each type of fuel from each type of feedstock is required to reduce greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions by levels specified in the regulation. The EPA has determined that biodiesel or renewable diesel produced from waste oils, fats, and greases exceed the 50% threshold established by the regulation to generate advanced biofuel and biomass-based diesel RINs. Page 25 In January 2025, the Clean Fuels Production Credit (“CFPC”) introduced under the IR Act became effective through 2027, and replaced the blender tax credit that was in effect in prior years. Under the CFPC, non-aviation transportation fuel receives a tax credit equal to either $0.20/gallon or $1.00/gallon (adjusted for inflation each calendar year) multiplied by the fuel’s emission reduction percentage. In order to start with the $1.00 per gallon baseline, the fuel must be produced at a qualifying facility that meets the prevailing wage and apprenticeship requirements before being sold in a certain manner. Under the CFPC, SAF receives a tax credit equal to either $0.35/gallon or $1.75/gallon (adjusted for inflation each calendar year) multiplied by the fuel’s emission reduction percentage. In order to start with the $1.75 per gallon baseline, SAF must be produced in the United States at a qualifying facility that meets the prevailing wage and apprenticeship requirements before being sold for use in an aircraft. In contrast to the blender tax credit, the CFPC requires that production of eligible fuels must take place in the United States. On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the “OBBBA”) was enacted in the U.S. The OBBBA extended the CFPC for two years through 2029 and, beginning in 2026, reduces the maximum credit rate for SAF to $1.00/gallon (adjusted for inflation each calendar year) and specifies that transportation fuels must be derived from feedstocks produced or grown in the U.S., Mexico or Canada to be eligible. Government incentives related to renewable fuels were material to our results of operations in fiscal 2025, so any legal challenges or changes to, a failure to enforce, reductions in the mandated volumes under, or suspending or discontinuing any of these programs could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. For example, the transition from the blender tax credit to the CFPC on January 1, 2025 introduced a number of risks that could negatively impact the results of operations of the DGD Joint Venture and cause a material and adverse impact to the Company. These include, but are not limited to: credit eligibility and compliance risks for failure to satisfy qualification, prevailing wage and apprenticeship and other certification and documentation requirements which could reduce credit values or void credits; regulatory risks because the U.S. Treasury has yet to provide final CFPC regulations, and credits earned since January 1, 2025 must be determined based on currently available information from Treasury; and credit transfer risks, including the development of markets to sell the credits, the strength of any such markets and the viability of the credits with respect to discounts to credit values on sales, and potential Company indemnities with respect to credit sales which introduce the risk of reimbursing buyers for any later credit adjustments including potential penalties, interest and tax gross-ups which could be material. We are highly dependent on natural gas, diesel fuel and electricity, the prices of which can be volatile, and such dependency could materially adversely affect our business. Our operations are highly dependent on the use of natural gas, diesel fuel and electricity and a disruption in any of them could have a material adverse effect on the business and results of operations of the affected facility. We consume significant volumes of natural gas to operate boilers in our plants, which generate steam to heat raw materials, and natural gas prices represent a significant cost of facility operations included in cost of sales. We also consume significant volumes of diesel fuel to operate our fleet of vehicles used to collect raw materials, and diesel fuel prices represent a significant component of cost of collection expenses included in cost of sales. Prices for both natural gas and diesel fuel can be volatile, partially due to conflicts around the world, such as the ongoing Russian-Ukraine war and conflicts in the Middle East, and inflation, and therefore, represent an ongoing challenge to our operating results. Despite our efforts to manage these costs and hedge our exposure to changes in fuel prices through our formula pricing, and from time to time, derivatives, a material increase in prices for natural gas and/or diesel fuel over a sustained period of time could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We also require a significant amount of electricity in operating certain of our facilities, a significant increase in the cost of which could have a material adverse effect on the business and results of operations of the affected facility. Additionally, the availability of natural gas, diesel fuel and electricity can be affected by numerous events such as weather (e.g., hurricanes and periods of considerable heat or cold), pipeline and other logistics interruptions, electric grid outages, cybersecurity incidents, intermittent electricity generation, hostilities, sanctions and supply and demand imbalances. A significant percentage of our revenue is attributable to a limited number of suppliers and customers. In fiscal year 2025, the Company’s top ten customers for finished products accounted for approximately 40% of product sales. In addition, the Company’s top ten raw material suppliers accounted for approximately 27% of its raw material supply in the same period. Disruptions or modifications to, or termination of, our relationship with any of our significant suppliers or customers, or financial difficulties experienced by any of our suppliers or customers that lead to curtailment or termination of their operations, could cause our businesses to suffer significant financial losses and could have a material adverse effect on our business, earnings, financial condition and/or cash flows. Certain of our operating facilities are highly dependent upon a single or a few suppliers. Certain of our operating facilities are highly dependent on one or a few suppliers. Should any of these suppliers choose alternate methods of disposal, cease their operations, have their operations interrupted by casualty, curtail their operations or Page 26 otherwise cease using our collection services, these operating facilities may be materially and adversely affected, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We face risks associated with our international activities, which could negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign countries and our operations and assets in such countries. We conduct foreign operations in Europe, South America, Canada, Asia and Australia. While we expect that our geographical diversity reduces our exposure to risks in any one country or part of the world, it also subjects us to various risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including: • imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers and other trade protection measures imposed by the United States or foreign countries, or retaliatory trade protection measures, impacting import costs in the U.S. or foreign countries of poultry, beef and pork products, gelatin and collagen products, fats and oils, biofuels, and/or any of the Company’s other finished products, and related uncertainty and volatility in U.S. and global financial and economic conditions and commodity markets, declining consumer confidence, significant inflation and diminished expectations for the economy, as well as the imposition of operating, import or export licensing requirements; • issues associated with intellectual property protections for the Company’s products and operations, such as defense of our intellectual property in foreign countries and/or, as the Company expands globally, use of our intellectual property on competing products in certain countries where our intellectual property is not registered; • imposition of border restrictions by foreign countries with respect to the import of poultry, beef and pork products due to animal disease or other perceived health or safety issues; • change in existing trade agreements, such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (“USMCA”), which could negatively impact our business; • impact of currency exchange rate fluctuatio