ITEM 1. BUSINESS GENERAL Founded by the Swift meat packing interests and the Darling family in 1882, Darling Ingredients Inc. (“Darling”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Company” or “we,” “us” or “our”) was incorporated in Delaware in 1962 under the name “Darling-Delaware Company, Inc.” Darling changed its name from “Darling-Delaware Company, Inc.” to “Darling International Inc.” on December 28, 1993, and from “Darling International Inc.” to “Darling Ingredients Inc.” on May 6, 2014. The address of Darling's principal executive office is 5601 N MacArthur Boulevard, Irving, Texas, 75038, and its telephone number at this address is (972) 717-0300. OVERVIEW We are a global developer and producer of sustainable natural ingredients from edible and inedible bio-nutrients, creating a wide range of ingredients and customized specialty solutions for customers in the pharmaceutical, food, pet food, animal feed, industrial, fuel, bioenergy and fertilizer industries. With operations on five continents, the Company collects and transforms all aspects of animal by-product streams into useable and specialty ingredients, such as collagen, edible fats, feed-grade fats, animal proteins and meals, plasma, pet food ingredients, organic fertilizers, yellow grease, fuel feedstocks, agriculture-based biofuels, natural casings and hides. The Company also recovers and converts recycled oils (used cooking oil and animal fats) into valuable fuel and feed ingredients, and collects and processes residual bakery products into feed ingredients. In addition, the Company provides environmental services, such as grease trap collection and disposal services to food service establishments. In fiscal year 2025, the Company generated $6.1 billion in revenues and $62.8 million in net income attributable to Darling. North America We are a leading provider of animal by-product processing, used cooking oil and bakery residual recycling and recovery solutions to the U.S. food industry. We operate over 150 processing and transfer facilities in the United States to produce finished products such as protein (primarily meat and bone meal (“MBM”) and poultry meal (“PM”)), meat products for the pet food industry, blood products (plasma and whole blood), collagen, fats (primarily bleachable fancy tallow (“BFT”), poultry grease (“PG”) and yellow grease (“YG”)), bakery by-products (“BBP”) and hides, as well as a range of branded and value-added products. Darling sells these products in North America and throughout the world, primarily to producers of animal feed, pet food, agriculture-based biofuels (such as renewable diesel and Sustainable Aviation Fuel (“SAF”)), fertilizer and other consumer and industrial products, including oleo-chemicals, soaps and leather goods, for use as ingredients in their products or for further processing. In the United States, Darling is a partner with Valero Energy Corporation in Diamond Green Diesel, a renewable fuel producer, which converts used cooking oils, animal fats and other feedstocks into valuable renewable fuels/products, such as renewable diesel and SAF. In Canada, the Company is a leading recycler of animal by-products. Darling's Canadian ingredients business processes raw materials into finished fat and protein products for use in animal feed, pet food, fertilizer and other ingredients. Darling's Canadian ingredients business has a network of six facilities in Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec and Nova Scotia. International Darling Ingredients International, our subsidiary, is a worldwide leader in the development and production of specialty ingredients from animal by-products for applications in the pharmaceutical, food, pet food, animal feed, industrial, fuel, renewable energy and fertilizer industries. Darling Ingredients International operates a global network of 81 production facilities across five continents, including Europe, Asia, Australia, South America and North America covering all aspects of animal by-product processing through multiple brands, some of which are: Rendac (fuel), Sonac (proteins, fats, edible fats and blood products), FASA (proteins and fats), Ecoson (bioenergy and fertilizer), Rousselot (collagen), Gelnex (collagen) and CTH (natural casings). Darling Ingredients International's specialized portfolio of over 330 products covers all animal origin raw material types and thereby offers a comprehensive, single source solution for suppliers. Darling Ingredients International’s rendering and specialties business has leading positions across Europe, China and South America, with European operations in the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, Poland and Italy, under the Ecoson, Rendac, Sonac and FASA brand names. Value-added products include edible fats, blood products, bone products, protein meals and fats. Rousselot and Gelnex are global leading market providers of collagen for the food, pharmaceutical and technical industries with operations in Europe, the United States, Page 4 South America and China. CTH is a leading natural casings company for the sausage industry with operations in Europe and China. Operating Segments The Company’s business operates within three reportable operating segments: Feed Ingredients, Food Ingredients and Fuel Ingredients. The Feed Ingredients operating segment includes the Company’s global activities related to (i) the collection and processing of beef, poultry and pork animal by-products in North America, Europe and South America into non-food grade oils and protein meals, (ii) the collection and processing of bakery residuals in North America into Cookie Meal®, which is predominantly used in poultry and swine rations, (iii) the collection and processing of used cooking oil in North America and South America into non-food grade fats, (iv) the collection and processing of porcine and bovine blood in China, Europe, North America and Australia into blood plasma powder and hemoglobin, (v) the processing of selected portions of slaughtered animals into a variety of meat products for use in pet food in Europe, North America and South America, (vi) the processing of cattle hides and hog skins in North America, (vii) the production of organic fertilizers using protein produced from the Company’s animal by-products processing activities in North America and Europe, (viii) the rearing and processing of black soldier fly larvae into specialty proteins and fats for use in animal feed and pet food in North America; and (ix) the provision of grease trap services to food service establishments in North America. Non-food grade oils and fats produced and marketed by the Company are principally sold to third parties to be used as ingredients in animal feed and pet food, as an ingredient for the production of agriculture-based biofuels (such as renewable diesel and SAF), or to the oleo-chemical industry to be used as an ingredient in a wide variety of industrial applications. Protein meals, blood plasma powder and hemoglobin produced and marketed by the Company are sold to third parties to be used as ingredients in animal feed, pet food and aquaculture. The Food Ingredients operating segment includes the Company’s global activities related to (i) the purchase and processing of beef and pork bone chips, beef hides, pig skins, and fish skins into collagen in Europe, China, South America and North America, (ii) the collection and processing of porcine and bovine intestines into natural casings in Europe and China, (iii) the extraction and processing of porcine mucosa into crude heparin in Europe, (iv) the collection and refining of animal fat into food grade fat in Europe, and (v) the processing of bones to bone chips for the collagen industry and bone ash in Europe. Collagens produced and marketed by the Company are sold to third parties to be used as ingredients in the pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, food, pet food, and technical (e.g., photographic) industries. Natural casings produced and marketed by the Company are sold to third parties to be used as an ingredient in the production of sausages and other similar food products. The Fuel Ingredients operating segment includes the Company’s global activities related to (i) the Company’s share of the results of its equity investment in Diamond Green Diesel Holdings LLC, a joint venture with Valero Energy Corporation (“Valero”) to convert animal fats, recycled greases, used cooking oil, inedible corn oil, soybean oil, or other feedstocks that become economically and commercially viable into renewable fuels/products, such as renewable diesel and SAF (“DGD” or the “DGD Joint Venture”) as described in Note 1 and Note 2 to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the period ended January 3, 2026 included herein, (ii) the conversion of organic sludge and food waste into biogas in Europe, (iii) the collection and conversion of fallen stock and certain animal by-products pursuant to applicable EU regulations into low-grade energy sources to be used in industrial applications in Europe, and (iv) the processing of manure into natural bio-phosphate in Europe. For financial information about our operating segments and geographic areas, refer to Note 22 and Note 23 to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the period ended January 3, 2026 included herein. Fiscal Year 2025, 2024 and 2023 Total Net Sales Darling’s total net sales from fiscal year 2025, 2024 and 2023 by operating segment were as follows (in thousands): Fiscal Year 2025 Fiscal Year 2024 Fiscal Year 2023 Total net sales: Feed Ingredients $ 3,990,088 65.0 % $ 3,675,609 64.3 % $ 4,472,592 65.9 % Food Ingredients 1,545,030 25.2 1,489,101 26.1 1,752,065 25.8 Fuel Ingredients 600,759 9.8 550,465 9.6 563,423 8.3 Total $ 6,135,877 100.0 % $ 5,715,175 100.0 % $ 6,788,080 100.0 % Page 5 OPERATIONS Feed Ingredients Segment Our Feed Ingredients segment consists principally of (i) our U.S. ingredients and specialty products businesses, including our fats and proteins, used cooking oil, and trap grease collection business, our Canadian ingredients business, and the ingredients and specialty products businesses conducted by Darling Ingredients International under the Sonac and FASA names (proteins, fats and plasma products) and (ii) our bakery residuals business. Animal By-Products North American Operations Raw materials : The Company’s North American animal by-products operations collect beef, poultry and pork by-products, which are collected primarily from slaughterhouses, grocery stores, butcher shops and food service establishments. These raw materials are collected in one of two manners. Certain large suppliers, such as large slaughterhouses, are furnished with bulk containers (typically trailers) in which the raw material is loaded. We provide the remaining suppliers, primarily grocery stores and butcher shops, with containers in which to deposit the raw material. The containers are picked up by, or emptied into, the Company’s trucks on a periodic basis. The type and frequency of service is determined by individual supplier requirements, the volume of raw material generated by the supplier, supplier location and weather, among other factors. The raw materials we collect are transported either directly to a processing plant or to a transfer station where materials from several collection routes are loaded into trailers and transported to a processing plant. These raw materials are delivered to plants for processing usually within 24 hours of collection to deter spoilage. Processing operations: We produce finished products primarily through the grinding, cooking, separating, drying, and blending of various raw materials. The process starts with the collection of animal by-products, including fat, bones, feathers, offal and other animal by-products. The animal by-products are ground and heated to evaporate and remove water and separate fats from animal tissue, as well as to sterilize and make the material suitable as an ingredient for animal feed. The separated fats, tallows and greases are then centrifuged and/or refined for purity. The remaining solid product is pressed to remove additional oils to create protein meals. The protein meal is then sifted through screens and ground further if necessary to produce an appropriately sized protein meal. The primary finished products derived from the processing of animal by-products are MBM, PM (both feed grade and pet food), PG, tallow, feather meal and blood meal. In addition, at certain of our facilities, we are able to operate multiple process lines simultaneously, which provides us with the flexibility and capacity to separate certain raw material streams to manufacture premium and value-added products in addition to our principal finished products. Because of these processing controls, we are able to produce premium products with in-demand qualities compared to our standard finished products, and such premium products command premium prices. International Operations Darling Ingredients International’s ingredients and specialty products businesses are operated under the Sonac and FASA names by our Sonac C3 and Sonac Blood business activities. The Sonac and FASA ingredients and specialty products businesses of Darling Ingredients International operate similarly to our North American ingredients division. However, the Sonac businesses, with the exception of Sonac C3, further separate raw material streams to add additional value to each stream. Sonac C3 processes animal by-products collected primarily from slaughterhouses, into proteins and fats for applications used in the pet food, feed, technical, biofuels and oleo-chemical markets. Oleo-chemical producers use fats to produce specialty ingredients used in paint, rubber, paper, concrete, plastics and a variety of other consumer and industrial products. Sonac Blood processes bovine, porcine and ovine blood by separating blood into plasma and hemoglobin and produces specialized end products for application in the feed and pet food markets. Sonac Blood’s end products include plasma, fibrimex, globin and hemin. Used Cooking Oil The Company is a leading collector and processor of used cooking oil in North America for use as a feed ingredient and feedstock for the production of valuable low carbon biofuels. The Company estimates it collects used cooking oil from approximately 158,300 locations in the U.S. The Company’s primary customer for this product is the DGD Joint Venture. Page 6 Raw materials: Used cooking oil is collected from restaurants, food service establishments, industrial operations and grocery stores. Many of our suppliers operate stores that are part of national chains. Used cooking oil is placed in various sizes and types of containers and supplied to the Company under mutually agreeable contract terms. In some instances, these containers are unloaded directly onto our trucks, while in other instances used cooking oil is pumped through a vacuum hose into the truck. We provide several types of containers for used cooking oil collection to food service establishments, which are proprietary self-contained collection systems that are housed either inside or outside the establishment, with the used cooking oil from indoor containers pumped directly into collection vehicles via an outside valve. The frequency of all forms of used cooking oil collection is determined by the volume of oil generated by the restaurant, food service establishment, industrial operations or grocery store. Processing operations: The used cooking oil we collect is heated, settled, and purified for use as a feedstock for biofuels or as an ingredient for animal feed. Bakery Residuals The Company is a leading processor of bakery residuals in the United States. The bakery residuals division, which operates solely in the United States, collects bakery residual materials and processes the raw materials into BBP, including Cookie Meal®, an animal feed ingredient primarily used in poultry and swine rations. Raw materials: Bakery residuals are collected from large commercial bakeries that produce a variety of products, including cookies, crackers, cereal, bread, dough, potato chips, pretzels, sweet goods and biscuits. The Company collects these materials by bulk loading onsite at the bakeries utilizing proprietary equipment, the majority of which is designed, engineered, manufactured and installed by us. All of the bakery residuals that the Company collects are bulk loaded, which we believe represents a significant advantage over competitors that receive a large percentage of raw materials from less efficient, manual methods. The receipt of bulk-loaded bakery residuals allows us to significantly streamline our bakery recycling process, reduce personnel costs, and maximize freight savings by hauling more tons per load. Processing operations: The highly automated bakery residuals production process involves sorting and separating raw material, mixing it to produce the appropriate nutritional content, drying it to reduce excess moisture, and grinding it to the consistency of animal feed. During the bakery residuals process, packaging materials are removed. The packaging material is fed into a combustion chamber along with sawdust, and heat is produced. This heat is used in the dryers to remove moisture from the raw materials that have been partially ground. Finally, the dried meal is ground to the specified granularity. The finished product, which is tested to ensure that the caloric and nutrient contents meet specifications, is a nutritious additive used in animal feed. Other Products/Services Our Feed Ingredients segment also includes the Company’s organic fertilizer business conducted under the Nature Safe® name, insect protein business conducted under the EnviroFlight® name, hides businesses and grease trap services business. • Our fertilizer operations utilize finished products from our animal by-products division to manufacture organic fertilizers from ingredients approved by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (“USDA”) to be used in organic farming which contain no waste by-products (i.e., sludge or sewage waste). The Company's North American fertilizer products are predominantly sold to golf courses, sports facilities, organic farms and landscaping companies. • Our EnviroFlight business utilizes technologies which enable the rearing of non-pathogenic black soldier fly larvae, which larvae are then processed to produce specialty proteins and oils for use as an ingredient in animal feed and pet food. • Our hides operations process hides and skins from beef and hog processors, respectively, into outputs used in commercial applications, such as the leather industry. We sell treated hides and skins to external customers, the majority of which are tanneries. Fresh and salted hides and fresh skins are sold to tanneries, automotive companies, leather processors and to the shoe and furniture industries in Italy, Germany and China. • Our grease trap services business provides our customers with a comprehensive set of solutions to their trap grease disposal needs, including manifests for regulatory compliance, computerized routing for consistent Page 7 cleaning and comprehensive trap cleaning. The trap grease we collect is transported to waste treatment centers. Food Ingredients Segment Our Food Ingredients segment consists principally of (i) the collagen business conducted by Darling Ingredients International under the Rousselot and Gelnex names, (ii) the natural casings business conducted by Darling Ingredients International under the CTH name and (iii) certain specialty products businesses conducted by Darling Ingredients International under the Sonac name. Collagen Rousselot (which includes Gelnex) is a global leading market provider of collagen for the food, nutraceutical, pharmaceutical and technical (e.g., photographic) industries with operations in Europe, China, South America and the United States. Rousselot has a network of 16 production plants and 11 sales locations, covering sales into more than 80 countries. Collagen is a functional ingredient, which means that it typically acts as a critical component in a larger end product. Due to its functionality and characteristics, collagen is used in a large variety of end products and its demand is growing. While collagen sells at a higher price per unit than many other Darling products, in many cases it only comprises a small portion of a customer’s end product cost, such as for many pharmaceutical end markets. We have experienced that many customers value quality and consistency, supply reliability, application know-how and regulatory support and therefore, price volatility is typically less than other Darling products. Rousselot’s profitability is mainly driven by value recognized for high quality and supply reliability, and its ability to transfer increases in net raw material costs to its customers on a timely basis, allowing it to realize a relatively stable margin per kilogram of collagen. Rousselot produces collagen from pigskin, beef hides, animal bones and fish. Raw material prices are mainly driven by quality and supply versus demand. Finished product sales prices are also mainly driven by market supply and demand by product and quality. Rousselot enters into formal arrangements related to raw material purchases that differ by raw material type, by duration and by regional area. Rousselot markets its collagen products under different brands, such as the “Peptan”, “Peptinex” and “Nextida™” brands; which are fast-growing specialty ingredient brands positioned specifically towards nutritional supplements for customers focusing on improved bone, joint, skin and other targeted health benefits. On December 10, 2025, Darling entered into a definitive agreement with Tessenderlo Group NV, a public limited company organized under the laws of Belgium (“Tessenderlo”), to form a joint venture. The definitive agreement is the Master Contribution Agreement (the “Contribution Agreement”) and is among Darling, Darling Global Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Darling, Tessenderlo, and NewCo Collagen LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“NewCo”). Under the Contribution Agreement, Darling and Tessenderlo have agreed to contribute certain of their assets and liabilities related to their respective collagen and gelatin business segments into NewCo in exchange for equity interests in NewCo, and upon the closing of the transaction, Darling will have an 85% equity interest and Tessenderlo will have a 15% equity interest in NewCo. The completion of the transaction contemplated by the Contribution Agreement is subject to all required regulatory approvals and certain other closing conditions. Other Specialty Products In addition, our Food Ingredients segment includes the Sonac bone, heparin and edible fat businesses currently operated by Darling Ingredients International under the Sonac name: • Sonac Fat primarily melts, refines and packages animal fat into food grade fat for the food markets. • Sonac Bone processes porcine bones into fat, bone protein, glue, bone ash and bone chips for the feed, pet food, food and collagen industries. • Sonac Heparin extracts crude heparin from hydrolyzed mucosa for application in the pharmaceutical industry. Natural Casings The CTH business of Darling Ingredients International is a leading natural casings company for the sausage business with operations in Europe and China. CTH Casings harvests, sorts and sells hog and sheep casings for worldwide food markets, particularly sausage manufacturers, and harvests, processes and sells hog and beef bowel package items for global pharmaceutical, food and feed market segments. CTH holds a leading position in the highly fragmented global casings market. Page 8 Fuel Ingredients Segment Our Fuel Ingredients segment consists of (i) our investment in the DGD Joint Venture and (ii) the bioenergy business conducted by Darling Ingredients International under the Ecoson and Rendac names. Diamond Green Diesel The DGD Joint Venture currently operates two renewable diesel plants, one located adjacent to Valero’s St. Charles Refinery in Norco, Louisiana (the “DGD St. Charles Plant”) and one located adjacent to Valero’s Port Arthur Refinery in Port Arthur, Texas (the “DGD Port Arthur Plant” and, together with the DGD St. Charles Plant, the “DGD Facilities”), with a combined renewable diesel production capacity of approximately 1.2 billion gallons per year. Renewable diesel is a low-carbon transportation fuel that is interchangeable with diesel produced from petroleum and is produced at the DGD Facilities using an advanced hydroprocessing-isomerization process licensed from UOP LLC, known as the Ecofining™ Process, and a pretreatment process developed by the Desmet Ballestra Group, to convert fats (animal fats, used cooking oils, distillers corn oil and vegetable oils) into renewable diesel, renewable naphtha and other light end renewable hydrocarbons. The DGD Joint Venture was formed in January 2011 to design, engineer, construct and operate the DGD St. Charles Plant, which reached mechanical completion and began production of renewable diesel and certain other co-products in late June 2013. In October 2021, the DGD Joint Venture completed an expansion of the DGD St. Charles Plant that increased its renewable diesel production capability to up to 750 million gallons per year of renewable diesel, as well as separating renewable naphtha (approximately 30 million gallons) and other light end renewable hydrocarbons for sale into low carbon fuel markets. Additionally, in November 2022 the DGD Joint Venture completed the construction of the DGD Port Arthur Plant, with a capacity to produce 470 million gallons per year of renewable diesel and 20 million gallons per year of renewable naphtha and having similar logistics flexibilities as those of the DGD St. Charles Plan