Item 1A. Risk Factors Forward-Looking Statements This Form 10-K contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These statements include, among other things, information about possible or assumed future results of the business and our financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans, strategies, prospects and objectives. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “continue” or other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. The Company cautions that its forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and while we believe that our expectations for the future are reasonable in view of currently available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. All business decisions involve assessing known risks. However, some risks may be unknown with changing socio-economic, market conditions and interest rates. Estimates are used to assess, among other things, capital allocation decisions. Actual results or events may differ materially from estimates and those indicated in our forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed below. Forward-looking statements are only as of the date they are made, and the Company undertakes no duty to update its forward-looking statements except as required by law. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our subsequent Form 10-Q, Form 8-K and other reports filed with the SEC. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information in this Form 10-K. The risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may affect our business. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, may also materially and adversely affect our business. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies and prospects may be materially adversely affected and could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements in this report and in the other public statements we make. Strategic and Competitive Risks We may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. Our business strategy consists of developing our residential real estate and expanding the scope of our hospitality assets and services, our commercial portfolio of 7 
 Table of Contents income producing properties and our other ventures to build recurring revenues and enhance enterprise value, while maintaining sufficient enterprise liquidity. Our strategy also includes operating a portion of our business through JVs. Management may fail in assessing risks related to our strategy, profitably maintaining and growing operations and allocating capital. We may also face risks from unidentified issues not discovered in due diligence in our operations and investments. Management may fail in estimating and most efficiently allocating cash in excess of operational and strategic investment needs, including to shareholders by dividends and the repurchase of common stock. Management may also fail to accurately forecast financial results, and, as a result, actual results may vary greatly from management estimates. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $1,004.9 million of real estate investments, $66.1 million of investment in unconsolidated joint ventures and $41.3 million of property and equipment, net recorded on our books at depreciated cost basis, subject to impairment testing. If market conditions were to deteriorate, our estimate of undiscounted future cash flows may fall below their carrying value and we may be required to take impairments, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Existing and planned operations utilize estimates of revenue, costs, profits, growth, and real estate market values. We face significant competition across our business units. We compete with local, regional and national real estate leasing and development companies and homebuilders, some of which may have greater financial, marketing, sales and other resources than we do. Hospitality operations are subject to significant competition from other hospitality providers and lodging alternatives. Our ability to remain competitive and to attract new and repeat guests, customers and club members depends on our success in distinguishing the quality and value of our products and services from those offered by others. Competition from real estate leasing and development companies and homebuilders may adversely affect our ability to attract tenants and lease our commercial, multi-family and senior living properties, attract purchasers and sell residential homesites, homes and commercial real estate and attract and retain experienced real estate sales, leasing and development personnel. Labor markets in the industries in which we operate are also competitive, which have led to increased labor costs in recent years. We must attract, train and retain a large number of qualified employees while controlling related labor costs. In addition, we face competition for tenants from other retail shopping centers and commercial facilities, as well as for our multi-family and senior living communities. There can be no assurance we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that competitive pressures will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. A decline in general economic conditions, particularly in our primary market locations, could lead to reduced consumer demand for our products and services. Demand for our products and services is sensitive to changes in economic conditions over which we have no control, including the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, consumer discretionary spending, consumer preferences, inflation, the availability of financing, changes in fiscal monetary policy and interest rate levels. In addition, the real estate market is subject to downturns, and our business is especially sensitive to economic conditions in Northwest Florida, where our developments and assets are located, and, more broadly, the Southeast region of the United States (“U.S.”), which in the past has produced a high percentage of customers for our products. If market conditions experience volatility or worsen, tenant and other customers’ demand may materially decline. For example, over the past several years, we have faced macroeconomic headwinds caused by, among other things, overall consumer confidence, inflation, elevated interest rates, higher insurance costs for consumers and uncertainty over tariffs, all of which impacted buyer sentiment. While demand across our segments remained strong despite these challenges, if conditions worsen, such conditions could adversely impact our business and our ability to successfully execute our business strategy. Additionally, we and the real estate industry in general may be adversely affected during periods of high inflation, primarily because of higher construction and operating costs. While the rate of inflation has moderated, it has remained persistent in the U.S. due, in part, to supply chain issues, elevated energy prices, labor shortages and trade policies, among other factors. As a result, we cannot predict whether such inflationary conditions will continue or the impact it will have on customer preferences and demand. Our leasing projects are subject to a variety of risks that could impact returns. Our business strategy includes the development and leasing of multi-family properties, management of commercial properties and commercial assets for lease. These commercial developments may not be as successful as estimated due to leasing related risks, including the risk that we may not be able to lease new properties, obtain lease rates that are consistent with our projections or achieve 8 
 Table of Contents targeted occupancy levels within expected timeframes as well as the risks generally associated with real estate development. Additionally, development of leasing projects involves the risk associated with the significant time lag between commencement and completion of the project. This time lag subjects us to greater risks relating to, among other things: ● fluctuations in the general economy; ● our ability to obtain construction or permanent financing on favorable commercial terms, if at all; ● our ability to achieve projected rental rates; ● the pace that we will be able to lease to new tenants; ● higher than estimated construction costs (including labor and material costs); and ● delays in the completion of projects because of, among other factors, inclement weather, labor disruptions, construction delays or delays in receiving zoning or other regulatory approvals, or man-made or natural disasters. Failure to lease new properties or obtain lease rates that are consistent with our projections or significant time lags between commencement and completion of a commercial project may lead to lower than anticipated returns, which could adversely impact our ability to successfully execute our business strategy. We face risks stemming from our strategic partnerships. We currently maintain, and in the future may seek additional strategic partnerships, including the formation of JVs, to develop real estate or to pursue other business activities, capitalize on the potential of our residential, hospitality and commercial opportunities and maximize the value of our assets. Certain of these JVs may be material to our business. For example, in the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, our equity in income from the unconsolidated Latitude Margaritaville Watersound JV accounted for over 20% of our pre-tax income. This concentration in a single JV means that any adverse changes affecting this project, whether from market conditions, issues with our joint venture partner, or project-specific challenges, could have a disproportionate impact on our overall financial performance, even if our other operations perform as expected. Our partners may take actions contrary to our instructions or requests, or contrary to our policies or objectives. We may not have exclusive control over the development, financing, management and other aspects of the partnership, which may prevent us from taking actions that are in our best interest but opposed by our partner. Our partners may experience financial difficulties, become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of capital contributions, which may delay construction or development of property or increase our financial commitment to the partnership. Our partners may take actions that subject us to liabilities in excess of, or other than, those contemplated. We may disagree with our partners about decisions affecting the partnership, which may result in litigation or arbitration that increases our expenses, distracts our officers and directors and disrupts the day-to-day operations of the property or business, which may delay important decisions until the dispute is resolved. Actions by our partners may subject the JV to liabilities or have other adverse consequences, including if the market reputation of a partner deteriorates. If a JV agreement is terminated or dissolved, we may not continue to own or operate the interests or investments of the JV or may need to purchase such interests or investments at a premium to the market price to continue ownership. In addition, we may not have sufficient resources, experience and/or skills to manage our existing JVs or locate additional desirable partners. Our real estate investments are generally illiquid. Real estate and timber holdings are relatively illiquid. It may be difficult for us to sell such assets if the need or desire arises, which may limit our ability to make rapid adjustments to the size and content of our property assets. Illiquid assets typically experience greater price volatility, as a ready market does not exist and therefore can be more difficult to value. In addition, validating third-party pricing for illiquid assets may be more subjective than more liquid assets. As a result, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our real estate or timber assets quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our assets. This impact may also be exacerbated in periods of general economic instability and capital markets volatility. We may invest in new business endeavors or product lines, which are inherently risky and could disrupt our ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated. In recent years, we have invested, and in the future may invest, in new business endeavors and product lines. New endeavors may involve new risks and uncertainties and 9 
 Table of Contents may amplify existing risks, including additional competition, distraction of management from current operations, greater-than-expected liabilities and expenses, economic, political, legal and regulatory challenges associated with operating in new businesses or product lines, inadequate return on capital and potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets. New ventures are inherently risky and may not be successful. In addition, we may face difficulty integrating new businesses or product lines, assimilating new facilities and personnel and harmonizing diverse businesses and methods of operation. If any of our business endeavors are unsuccessful and we fail to realize the expected benefits of any new investment or product line or are unable to successfully integrate new businesses or product lines, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. We face risks associated with short-term U.S. Treasury Bills. We hold significant cash balances that are invested in a variety of short-term U.S. Treasury Bills, currently classified as cash equivalents, that are intended to preserve principal value and maintain a high degree of liquidity. We have exposure to credit risk associated with our short-term U.S. Treasury Bills and these instruments are subject to price fluctuations as a result of changes in the financial market’s assessment of issuer credit quality, changes in prevailing interest rates and other economic factors. Additionally, we have historically been exposed, and in the future may again be exposed, to credit risk associated with investments – debt securities (“Securities”), which are also subject to such fluctuations. A downgrade of the U.S. government’s credit rating may also decrease the value of any future investments in Securities. The market value of such potential future investments will be subject to change from period-to-period, especially in light of the political landscape, financial institution disruptions and geopolitical conflicts, instabilities or tensions, which have caused market volatility. Our Securities have historically included, and in the future may again include, investments in U.S. Treasury Bills classified as investments – debt securities. Credit-related impairment losses can negatively affect earnings. Investments in Securities and funds are not insured against loss of principal. Under certain circumstances we may be required to redeem all or part of any future investment, which may result in a loss. RISKS RELATED TO THE OPERATION OF OUR BUSINESS SEGMENTS We are exposed to risks associated with commercial and residential real estate development and construction. Real estate development and construction, including homebuilding activities, entail risks that may adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, including: ● general market conditions; ● construction delays or cost overruns, which may increase project development costs; ● labor costs and shortages of skilled labor; ● supply chain disruptions and material shortages; ● current or potentially new and rapidly evolving tariffs or quotas; ● claims for construction defects after property has been developed, including claims by purchasers and property owners’ associations, and claims for construction defects arising from third-party contractors; ● the discovery of hazardous or toxic substances, or other environmental, culturally-sensitive, or related issues; ● weather-related and geological interference, including hurricanes, landslides, earthquakes, floods, drought, wildfires and other events, which may result in delays or increased costs; ● an inability to obtain required governmental permits and authorizations; ● an inability to secure tenants necessary to support commercial, multi-family or senior living projects; ● compliance with building codes and other local regulations; ● unavailability of raw materials when needed, which may result in project delays, stoppages or interruptions, which may make the project less profitable; ● insufficient infrastructure capacity or availability (e.g., water, sewer and roads) to serve the needs of our projects; ● instability in the financial industry may reduce the availability of financing; and ● delay or inability to acquire property, rights of way or easements, which may result in delays or increased costs. 10 
 Table of Contents The construction and building industry, similar to many other industries, has experienced, and may continue to experience worldwide supply chain disruptions and cost increases due to a multitude of factors, including inflation, elevated interest rates, higher insurance costs for consumers, rapidly evolving trade and tariff policies and disputes, labor shortages and geopolitical conflicts, instabilities and tensions. Materials, parts and labor costs have increased in recent years, sometimes significantly and over a short period of time. In addition, material time delays or increases in construction costs resulting from the aforementioned factors may impact our ability to realize anticipated returns on such projects, impact the timing of revenue recognition, lead to cancellations and otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Nonetheless, should we experience increased cancellations as a result of such macroeconomic factors, our business could be adversely impacted. Further, with regard to our residential segment, revenues from homesite sales can fluctuate significantly from period to period due to variations in the mix of sales from different communities, as well as other variations in product mix. Given these fluctuations revenues from our residential segment may significantly vary from period to period. In addition, real estate approvals may be subject to third-party responses. It is not uncommon for delays to occur, which affect the timing of transaction closings and may also impact the terms and conditions of the transaction. Delays related to regulatory approvals may be due to the applicable governmental entity not being open due to the government being shut down or staffed insufficiently due to the government’s budgetary issues. These timing issues may cause our operating results, particularly relating to the impact of our land sales, to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. Mortgage financing issues, including lack of supply of mortgage loans, tightened lending requirements and elevated interest rates, may reduce demand for our products. Purchasers of our real estate products may obtain mortgage loans to finance a substantial portion of the purchase price or may need to obtain mortgage loans to finance the construction of homes to be built on homesites purchased from us. Homebuilder customers depend on retail purchasers who rely on mortgage financing. Elevated interest rates have increased the cost of owning a home in recent years and any future increases would further affect purchasing power, which may lower demand for residential real estate. In addition to residential real estate, increased interest rates and restrictions in the availability of credit may also negatively impact sales or development of our commercial properties or other land we offer for sale. While in recent years, elevated interest rates have negatively impacted buyers’ ability to obtain financing and the housing market generally, to date we have not experienced material declines in customer demand for our homesites. However, in the event financing challenges reduce demand from homebuilders to purchase homesites, then our sales, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be negatively affected. Our residential segment is highly dependent on homebuilders and is subject to the risk of homebuilder concentration. We are highly dependent on homebuilders to be the primary customers for our homesites and to provide construction services in our residential developments. As of December 31, 2025, we had 18 different homebuilders within our residential communities. The homebuilder customers that have already committed to purchase homesites from us may decide to reduce, delay or cancel their existing commitments to purchase homesites in our developments. From time to time, we have financed, and in the future may finance, real estate sales with mortgage note receivables. If these homebuilders fail to pay their debts to us or delay paying us, it would reduce our anticipated cash flows. Homebuilders also may not view our developments as desirable locations for homebuilding operations, or they may choose to purchase land from other sellers. We also rely on a concentrated number of homebuilders for a significant portion of our residential homesite sales. Any of these events may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Our hospitality segment is subject to various risks inherent to the hospitality industry. Although hospitality revenue has continued to grow in recent years, the following factors, among others, are common to the hospitality industry, and may reduce the revenues generated by hotel properties, food and beverage operations, golf courses, beach clubs, marinas and other entertainment offerings or the rate at which they are generated: ● reduced travel (including from airline disruptions, business reduction or elimination of typical travel in efforts to be conservative in uncertain financial times or adverse economic conditions), which we may be susceptible to given that the travel tourism on which our hospitality segment relies can entail a relatively high cost of 11 
 Table of Contents participation and is based on discretionary consumer spending; ● increased labor costs and shortages of skilled labor; ● inclement weather conditions; ● cyclical downturns in the hospitality industry; ● changes in desirability of geographic regions in which our properties are located; ● significant competition from other hospitality providers and lodging or entertainment alternatives; ● our relationships with and the performance of third-party managers; ● increases in operating costs, including increases in the cost of property insurance, utilities and real estate and personal property taxes, due to inflation and other factors that may not be offset by increased prices; and ● natural or man-made disasters. Any of these factors may increase our costs or limit or reduce the prices we are able to charge for our hospitality products or services, or otherwise affect our ability to maintain existing properties, develop new properties or add amenities to our existing properties. Our insurance coverage on our properties may be inadequate or our insurance costs may increase and uninsured losses or losses in excess of our insurance coverage could adversely affect our business. We maintain insurance on our properties, including property, liability, fire, flood and extended coverage, but capacity constraints in the Florida insurance market may limit availability of desired coverages or materially increase costs. We do not insure our timber assets. Additionally, our insurance for hurricanes has limitations per named storm and is subject to deductibles. We use our discretion when determining amounts, coverage limits and deductibles for insurance. These terms are determined based on retaining an acceptable level of risk. This may result in insurance coverage that, in the event of a substantial loss, would not be sufficient to pay the full current market value or current replacement cost of our lost investment. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors also may make it unfeasible to use insurance proceeds to replace a facility after it has been damaged or destroyed. Under such circumstances, we may not receive insurance proceeds or the insurance proceeds we receive may not fully cover business interruptions or losses and our earnings, liquidity, or capital resources may be adversely affected. Homeowner property insurance companies doing business in Florida have reacted to previous hurricanes by increasing premiums, requiring higher deductibles, reducing limits, restricting coverage, imposing exclusions, refusing to insure certain property owners, and in some instances, ceasing insurance operations in the state. It is uncertain what effect these actions may have on future property insurance availability and rates in the state. The high costs of property insurance premiums in Florida may deter potential customers from purchasing a homesite in one of our developments or make Northwest Florida less attractive to new employers that can create high quality jobs needed to increase growth in the region, either of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Florida’s state-owned property insurance company, Citizens Property Insurance Corp., underwrites homeowner property insurance. If there were to be a catastrophic hurricane or series of hurricanes to hit Florida, the exposure of the state government to property insurance claims may place extreme stress on state finances. Our insurance policies are generally renewed on an annual basis and, depending on factors such as market conditions, the premiums, terms, policy limits and/or deductibles can vary substantially. We can give no assurance that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates or on other terms we consider commercially reasonable. To offset negative insurance market trends, we may decide to self-insure additional risks. In the event that we decide to self-insure additional risks, if we experience a greater number of self-insured losses than we anticipate, our financial performance could be adversely affected. If we lose our ability to, or decide not to, self-insure these additional risks, our insurance costs could materially increase and we may find it difficult to obtain adequate levels of insurance coverage. Our commercial segment is subject to risks associated with the financial condition of our commercial tenants. If one or more of our tenants, particularly an anchor tenant, declares bankruptcy, defaults or voluntarily vacates from the leased premises, we may be unable to collect rent payments from such tenant, re-lease such space or to re-lease it on 12 
 Table of Contents comparable or more favorable terms. Additionally, the loss or failure to renew of an anchor tenant may make it more difficult to lease the remainder of the affected properties, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Alternatively, increases in consumer spending through e-commerce channels may significantly affect our tenants’ ability to generate sales, which could affect their ability to make payments to us. These economic and market conditions, combined with rising or sustained high levels of inflation and lack of labor availability, may also place a number of our key customers under financial stress, which may adversely affect our occupancy rates and our profitability, which, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Our financial results may vary significantly period over period. The revenues and earnings from our business segments may vary significantly from period to period. Homebuilders tend to buy multiple homesites in sporadic transactions. In addition, homesite prices vary significantly by community, which further impacts period over period results. Therefore, there may be reporting periods in which we have no, or significantly less, revenue from residential or commercial real estate sales. We may also choose to operate rather than lease assets, lease rather than sell assets, or sell improved rather than unimproved land that may delay revenue and profits. Hospitality operations are affected by seasonal fluctuations. Hospitality revenues are typically higher in the second and third quarters, and vary depending on the timing of holidays and school breaks. Commercial real estate sales tend to be non-recurring. Projects depend on uncertain demand. Extraordinary events such as hurricanes may dramatically change demand and pricing for products and services. We are subject to various geographic risks. ● Growth of Northwest Florida . We are focused on developing real estate and expanding operations in Northwest Florida. Our success will be dependent on continued strong migration and population expansion in Northwest Florida. The future economic growth of Northwest Florida will largely depend on the ability and willingness of state and local governments, in combination with the private sector, to plan and complete significant infrastructure improvements in the region, such as new or existing transportation hubs, roads, bridges, rail, pipeline, medical facilities and schools and to attract families and companies offering high-quality and high salary jobs. Our future revenues will also depend on individuals seeking retirement or vacation homes in Northwest Florida. Florida’s population growth may be negatively affected in the future by a variety of factors, including adverse economic conditions, changes in state income tax or federal immigration laws, the occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or the high cost of real estate, insurance and property taxes. If Northwest Florida experiences an extended period of slow growth, or even net out-migration, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition will likely be materially adversely affected. ● Hurricanes . Florida is particularly susceptible to the occurrence of hurricanes. Depending on where any particular hurricane makes landfall, our developments in Northwest Florida may experience catastrophic damage. Such damage may materially delay sales or lessen demand for our residential or commercial real estate and lessen demand for our hospitality and leasing operations. If our corporate headquarters facility is damaged or destroyed, we may have difficulty performing certain corporate and operational functions. We maintain property and business interruption insurance, subject to certain deductibles. ● Climate Conditions . The occurrence of other natural disasters and climate conditions in Northwest Florida, such as tornadoes, floods, fires, unusually heavy or prolonged rain, droughts, extreme heat or cold, or other adverse weather events may have a material adverse effect on our ability to develop and sell properties or realize income from our projects. To the extent that such natural disasters and climate conditions occur, our projects could be damaged or destroyed, which may result in losses exceeding our insurance coverage. Natural disasters and climate conditions can also lead to increased competition for subcontracts, which can delay construction activities even after an event has concluded. In addition, our timber assets are subject to damage by fire, insect infestation, disease, prolonged drought, flooding, hurricane and natural disasters, which may adversely affect our timber inventory and forestry business. Furthermore, sea level rise due to climate change may have a material adverse effect on our coastal properties. The occurrence of natural 13 
 Table of Contents disasters and the threat of adverse climate changes (or perceived threat from climate change) may also have a long-term negative effect on the attractiveness of Northwest Florida and on our ability to obtain flood or other hazard insurance coverage. Man-made disasters or disruptions, such as oil spills, acts of terrorism, power outages and communications failures may simultaneously disrupt our operations. We are dependent on third-party service providers for certain services. We rely on various third parties to conduct the day-to-day operations of certain residential, hospitality, multi-family, senior living and other commercial properties. Failure of such third parties to adequately perform their contracted services may negatively impact our ability to retain customers. As a result, any such failure may negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Risks RELATED to our existing ownership structure Our largest shareholder controls approximately 33.8% of our common stock, which may limit our minority shareholders’ ability to influence corporate matters. As of December 31, 2025, based on public filings, clients of Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C. (“FCM”), an investment advisor registered with the SEC, beneficially owned approximately 33.8% of our common stock. FCM and its client, The Fairholme Fund, a series of investments originating from Fairholme Funds, Inc., may be deemed affiliates of ours. Fairholme Holdings, LLC (“Fairholme”), which wholly owns FCM, is in a position to influence the vote of most matters submitted to our shareholders, including any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, the nomination of individuals to our Board and any potential change in our control. These factors may discourage, delay or prevent a takeover attempt that shareholders might consider in their best interests or that might result in shareholders receiving a premium for their common stock. Additionally, our articles of incorporation and certain provisions of Florida law contain anti-takeover provisions that may make it more difficult to effect a change in our control. Future sales of our common stock by Fairholme, or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur, may depress our stock price. LEGAL, REGULATORY, AND LITIGATION RISK We are subject to various existing government regulations. ● Development and Land Use Requirements . Approval to develop real property entails an extensive entitlements process involving multiple and overlapping regulatory jurisdictions and often requiring discretionary action by local governments. This process is often political, uncertain and may require significant exactions in order to secure approvals. Real estate projects in Florida must generally comply with the provisions of the Community Planning Act and local land development regulations. Compliance with the State of Florida planning requirements and local land development regulations is usually lengthy and costly and can be expected to materially affect our real estate development activities. The Community Planning Act requires local governments to adopt comprehensive plans guiding and controlling future real property development in their respective jurisdictions and to evaluate, assess and keep those plans current. Included in all comprehensive plans is a future land use map, which sets forth allowable land use development rights. Some of our land has an “agricultural” or “silviculture” future land use designation and we may be required to seek an amendment to the future land use map to develop real estate projects. Approval of these comprehensive plan map amendments is highly discretionary. All development orders and permits must be consistent with the comprehensive plan. Each plan must address such topics as future land use and capital improvements and make adequate provision for a multitude of public services including transportation, schools, solid waste disposal, sewerage, potable water supply, drainage, affordable housing, open space, parks and others. The local governments’ comprehensive plans must also establish “levels of service” with respect to certain specified public facilities, including roads, schools and services to residents. In many areas, infrastructure funding has not kept pace with growth, causing facilities to operate below established levels of service. Local governments are prohibited from issuing development orders or permits if the development will reduce the level of service for public facilities below the level of service established in the local government’s comprehensive plan, unless the developer either sufficiently improves the services up front to meet the required level of service or provides 14 
 Table of Contents financial assurances that the additional services will be provided as the project progresses. In addition, local governments that fail to keep their plans current may be prohibited by law from amending their plans to allow for new development. If any one or more of these factors were to occur, we may be unable to develop our real estate projects successfully or within the expected timeframes. Changes in the Community Planning Act or the interpretation thereof, new enforcement of these laws or the enactment of new laws regarding the development of real property may lead to a decline in our ability to develop and market our communities successfully and to generate positive cash flow from these operations in a timely manner, which may have a materially adverse effect on our ability to service our demand and negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Our properties are subject to federal, state and local environmental regulations and restrictions that may impose significant limitations on our development ability. In most cases, approval to develop requires multiple permits, which involve a long, uncertain and costly regulatory process. Our land holdings contain jurisdictional wetlands, some of which may be unsuitable for development or prohibited from development by applicable law. Development approval most often requires mitigation for impacts to wetlands that require land to be conserved at a disproportionate ratio versus the actual wetlands impacted and approved for development. Some of our property is undeveloped land located in areas where development may have to avoid, minimize or mitigate for impacts to the natural habitats of various protected wildlife or plant species. Additionally, some of our property is in coastal areas that usually have a more restrictive permitting burden or must address issues such as coastal high hazard, hurricane evacuation, floodplains and dune protection. ● Environmental Regulation . Current or past operations are subject to extensive and evolving federal, state and local environmental laws and other regulations. The provisions and enforcement of these environmental laws and regulations may become more stringent in the future, including as a result of attention from environmental advocacy groups. Violations of these laws and regulations can result in, among other things, civil penalties, remediation expenses, natural resource damages, personal injury damages, potential injunctions, cease and desist orders and criminal penalties. In addition, some of these environmental laws impose strict liability, which means that we may be held liable for any environmental damage on our property regardless of fault. Past and present real property, particularly properties used in connection with our previous transportation and papermill operations, were involved in the storage, use or disposal of hazardous substances that may have contaminated and may in the future contaminate the environment. We may bear liability for this contamination and for the costs of cleaning up a site at which we have disposed of, or to which we have transported, hazardous substances. The presence of hazardous substances on a property may also adversely affect our ability to sell or develop the property or to borrow funds using the property as collateral. We may be subject to risks from changes in certain governmental policies. ● Mortgage Rates . The availability of mortgage financing is significantly influenced by governmental entities such as the Federal Housing Administration, Veterans Administration and Government National Mortgage Association and government-sponsored enterprises known as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Mortgage rates may also be adversely impacted by elevated interest rates. If borrowing standards are tightened and/or the federal government were to reduce or eliminate these mortgage loan programs (including due to any failure of lawmakers to agree on a budget or appropriation legislation to fund relevant programs or operations) or if mortgage rates increase generally, it w