Item 1. Business Corporate Information We were incorporated in California in 1982, became a public company in 1994, and were reincorporated in Delaware in January 2012. Our principal executive offices are located at 14185 Dallas Parkway, Suite 300, Dallas, Texas 75254 and our telephone number is (972) 391-5000. Our website is www.copart.com . The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. We provide free of charge, through a link on our website, access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practical after the reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Copart ® , BID4U ® , CI & Design ® , DRIVE Auto Auctions ™ , 1-800 CAR BUYER ® , CA$HFORCARS.COM ® , COPART & DESIGN ® , VB3 & DESIGN ® , VB3 ® , National Powersports Auctions ™ , NPA ™ , Purple Wave Auction ™ , and CrashedToys.com ® are trademarks of Copart, Inc. or one of its direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. This Form 10-K also includes other trademarks of Copart and of other companies. Overview We are a leading global provider of online auctions and vehicle remarketing services with operations in the United States (“U.S.”), the United Kingdom (“U.K.”), Germany, Brazil, Canada, the United Arab Emirates (“U.A.E.”), Spain, Finland, Oman, the Republic of Ireland, and Bahrain. Our goals are to generate sustainable profits for our stockholders, while also providing environmental and social benefits for the world around us. With respect to our environmental stewardship, we believe our business is a critical enabler for the global re-use and recycling of vehicles, parts, and raw materials. We are not responsible for the carbon emissions resulting from new vehicle manufacturing, governmental fuel emissions standards or vehicle use by consumers. Each vehicle that enters our business operations already exists, with whatever fuel technology and efficiency it was designed and built to have, and the substantial carbon emissions associated with the vehicle’s manufacture have already occurred. However, upon our receipt of an existing vehicle, we help facilitate the decrease of its total environmental impact by extending its useful life and thereby avoiding the carbon emissions associated with the alternative of new vehicle and auto parts manufacturing. For example, many of the cars we process and remarket are subsequently restored to drivable condition, reducing the new vehicle manufacturing burden the world would otherwise face. Many of our cars are purchased by dismantlers, who recycle and refurbish parts for vehicle repairs, again reducing new and aftermarket parts manufacturing. Finally, some of our vehicles are returned to their raw 1 Table of Contents material inputs through scrapping, thereby reducing the need for further new resource extraction. In each of these cases, our business facilitates the reduction of the carbon and other environmental footprint of the global transportation industry. Beyond our environmental stewardship, we also support the world’s communities in two important ways. First, we believe that we contribute to economic development and well-being by enabling more affordable access to mobility around the world. For example, many of the automobiles sold through our auction platform are purchased for use in developing countries where affordable transportation is a critical enabler of education, health care, and well-being. Secondly, we believe we play an important role in the communities we serve through our response to and management of catastrophic weather events. This includes our investments in equipment and infrastructure which support our overall disaster recovery efforts. For example, we mobilized our people, and engaged with a multitude of service providers to timely retrieve, store, and remarket tens of thousands of flood-damaged vehicles in South Florida in the wake of Hurricanes Helene and Milton in the fall of 2024. We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our Virtual Bidding Third Generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as VB3. Vehicle sellers consist primarily of insurance companies, but also include dealers, individuals, charities, rental car companies, banks, finance companies, and fleet operators. We obtained 81%, 81%, and 83% of the total number of vehicles processed during fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, from insurance company sellers. We sell the vehicles principally to licensed vehicle dismantlers, rebuilders, repair licensees, used vehicle dealers, exporters, and to the general public. The majority of the vehicles sold on behalf of insurance companies are either damaged vehicles deemed a total loss; not economically repairable by the insurance companies; or are recovered stolen vehicles for which an insurance settlement with the vehicle owner has already been made. We offer vehicle sellers a full range of services that help expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process, minimize administrative and processing costs, and maximize the ultimate sales price through the online auction process. In the U.S., Canada, Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, and Bahrain, we sell vehicles primarily as an agent and derive revenue primarily from auction and auction-related sales transaction fees charged for vehicle remarketing services as well as fees for services subsequent to the auction, such as delivery and storage. In the U.K., Germany, and Spain we operate both as an agent and on a principal basis, in some cases purchasing salvage vehicles outright and reselling the vehicles for our own account. In the U.K., we recognize revenue on a principal basis from selling dismantled parts through Green Parts Specialist (“GPS”). In Germany we also derive revenue from listing vehicles on behalf of insurance companies and insurance experts to determine the vehicle’s residual value and/or to facilitate a sale for the insured. Through our VB3 auction platform, our sales process is open to registered buyers (whom we refer to as “members”) anywhere in the world with access to the internet. This technology and model employ a two-step bidding process. The first step is an open preliminary bidding feature that allows members to enter bids over the internet during the preview period. To improve the effectiveness of bidding, the VB3 system lets members see the current high bids on the vehicles they want to purchase. The preliminary bidding step is an open bid format similar to eBay ® . Members enter the maximum price they are willing to pay for a vehicle and VB3’s BID4U feature incrementally bids on the vehicle on their behalf during all phases of the auction. Preliminary bidding ends at a specified time prior to the start of a second bidding step, an internet-only virtual auction. This second step allows bidders the opportunity to bid against each other and the high preliminary bidder. The bidders enter bids via the internet in real time while BID4U submits bids for the high preliminary bidder up to their maximum bid. When bidding stops, a countdown is initiated. If no bids are received during the countdown, the vehicle sells to the highest bidder. We believe our virtual auction platform increases the pool of available buyers for each sale, which brings added competition and an increase in the amount that buyers are willing to pay for vehicles. We also believe that it improves the efficiency of our operations by eliminating the expense and capital requirements which would be associated with holding live auctions. For fiscal 2025, sales of U.S. vehicles, on a unit basis, to members registered outside the state where the vehicle was located accounted for 69.8% of total vehicles sold; of which 31.0% of vehicles were sold to out of state members within the U.S. and 38.8% were sold to International members, based on the IP address utilized during the auction process. We believe that we offer the highest level of service in the auction and vehicle remarketing industry and have established our leading market position by: • providing a virtual platform that facilitates seller access to buyers around the world, reducing towing and third-party storage expenses, offering a local presence for vehicle inspection stations, and providing prompt response to catastrophes and natural disasters by specially trained teams; 2 Table of Contents • providing a comprehensive range of services that includes merchandising, efficient title processing, timely pick-up and delivery of vehicles, and internet sales; • establishing and efficiently integrating new facilities and acquisitions; • increasing the number of bidders that can participate at each sale through the ease and convenience of internet bidding; and • applying technology to enhance operating efficiency through internet bidding, web-based order processing, salvage value quotes, electronic communication with members and sellers, and vehicle imaging. Historically, we believe our business has grown as a result of (i) acquisitions, (ii) increases in overall volume in the salvage car market, (iii) growth in market share, (iv) increases in the amount of revenue generated per sales transaction resulting from increases in the gross selling price and the addition of value-added services for both members and sellers, and (v) growth in non-insurance company sellers. For fiscal 2025, our revenues were $4.6 billion, and our operating income was $1.7 billion. In fiscal 2023, we opened one new operational facility in Brazil, one new operational facility in Germany, one new operational facility in Canada, and eight new operational facilities in the U.S. In fiscal 2024, we opened three new operational facilities in the U.K., one new operational facility in Spain, one new operational facility in Canada, and four new operational facility in the U.S. In fiscal 2025, we opened one new operational facility in the U.K., two new operational facilities in Spain, and three new operational facilities in the U.S. Our service revenues consist of auction and auction-related sales transaction fees charged for vehicle remarketing services. These auction and auction-related services may include a combination of the following: vehicle purchasing fees: vehicle listing fees; vehicle selling fees that can be based on a predetermined percentage of the vehicle sales price, tiered vehicle sales price fees, or at a fixed fee based on the sale of each vehicle regardless of the selling price of the vehicle; transportation fees for the cost of transporting the vehicle to or from our facility; title processing and preparation fees; vehicle storage fees; bidding fees; and vehicle loading fees. These fees are recognized as net revenue (not gross vehicle selling price) at the time of auction in the amount of such fees charged. Purchased vehicle revenue includes the gross sales price of the vehicles which we have purchased or are otherwise considered to own. We have certain contracts with insurance companies, primarily in the U.K., in which we act as a principal, purchasing vehicles and reselling them for our own account. We also purchase vehicles in the open market, primarily from individuals, and resell them for our own account. Operating costs consist primarily of: (i) labor (operating personnel at facilities); (ii) transportation (miles traveled and fuel rates); (iii) facilities (maintenance, property-related taxes, rent, and insurance); (iv) other (marketing and auction-related costs); and (v) costs of vehicles sold. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of executive management, accounting, data processing, sales personnel, professional services, marketing expenses, and technology enhancements and maintenance. Industry Overview The auction and vehicle remarketing services industry provides a venue for sellers to dispose of or liquidate vehicles to a broad domestic and international buyer pool. Sellers generally auction or sell their vehicles on a consignment basis either for a fixed fee or a percentage of the sales price. Occasionally, companies in our industry purchase vehicles from the largest segment of sellers, insurance companies, and resell the vehicles for their own account. The vehicles are usually purchased at a price based on the vehicles’ estimated pre-accident value (“PAV”) and the extent of damage. Vehicle remarketers typically operate from multiple facilities where vehicles are processed, viewed, stored and released to the buyer. While companies in this industry remarket vehicles through a physical auction or a hybrid internet and physical auction, we sell virtually all our vehicles on our virtual marketplace platform VB3, thus eliminating the requirement for buyers to travel to an auction location to participate in the sales process. Although there are other sellers of vehicles, such as dealers, individuals, charities, rental car companies, banks, finance companies, and fleet operators, our primary sellers of vehicles are insurance companies. The primary buyers of vehicles at our auctions are vehicle dismantlers, rebuilders, repair licensees, used vehicle dealers, exporters, and the general public. Vehicle dismantlers, which we believe are the largest group of vehicle buyers, based on volume of vehicles purchased, either dismantle a salvage vehicle and sell parts individually or sell the entire vehicle to rebuilders, used vehicle dealers, or the general public. Vehicle rebuilders and vehicle repair licensees generally purchase 3 Table of Contents salvage vehicles to repair and resell. Used vehicle dealers generally purchase recovered stolen or slightly damaged vehicles for resale. Most of our vehicles are sold on behalf of insurance companies and are usually vehicles involved in an accident or a natural disaster. Typically, the damaged vehicle is towed to a storage facility or a vehicle repair facility for temporary storage pending insurance company examination. The vehicle is inspected by the insurance company’s adjuster, who estimates the costs of repairing the vehicle and gathers information regarding the damaged vehicle’s mileage, options, and condition in order to estimate its PAV. The adjuster determines whether to pay for repairs or to classify the vehicle as a total loss based upon the adjuster’s estimate of repair costs, vehicle’s salvage value, and the PAV, as well as customer service considerations. If the cost of repair is greater than the PAV less the estimated salvage value, the insurance company generally will classify the vehicle as a total loss. The insurance company will thereafter assign the vehicle to a vehicle auction and remarketing services company, settle with the insured and receive title to the vehicle. Automobile manufacturers continuously incorporate new standard features, including: unibody construction utilizing exotic metals; passenger safety cages with surrounding crumple zones to absorb impacts; plastic and ceramic components; airbags; adaptive headlights; computer and navigation systems; advanced cameras, including backup camera systems; collision warning systems; dynamic cruise control; lane departure warning systems; automatic braking; blind spot detection systems; and electrification of drivetrains. We believe that one effect of these additional features is that newer vehicles involved in accidents are more costly to repair and, accordingly, more likely to be deemed a total loss for insurance purposes. We believe the primary factors that insurance companies consider when selecting an auction and vehicle remarketing services company include: • the anticipated percentage return on salvage (i.e., gross salvage proceeds, minus vehicle handling and selling expenses, divided by the PAV); • the services provided by the company and the degree to which such services reduce their administrative costs and expenses; • the price the company charges for its services; • the ability to respond to natural disasters; • geographic coverage; • the ability to provide analytical data to the seller; and • in the U.K., in certain situations, the actual amount paid for the vehicle. In the U.K., some insurance companies tender periodic contracts for the purchase of salvaged vehicles. Under these circumstances, insurance companies will generally award the contract to the company that is willing to pay the highest price for the vehicles. Generally, upon receipt of the pickup order or the assignment, we arrange for the transportation of a vehicle to our nearest facility. As a service to the vehicle seller, we will customarily pay advance charges (reimbursable charges paid on behalf of vehicle sellers) to obtain the vehicle’s release from a towing company, vehicle repair facility, or impound facility. Advance charges paid on behalf of the vehicle seller are either recovered upon sale of the vehicle, invoiced separately to the seller, or deducted from the net proceeds due to the seller. The salvage vehicle is stored at one of our facilities until ownership documents are transferred from the insured vehicle owner and the title to the vehicle is cleared through the appropriate state’s motor vehicle regulatory agency (“DMV”). In the U.S., total loss vehicles may be sold in most states only after obtaining a salvage title from the DMV. Upon receipt of the appropriate documentation from the DMV, which is generally received within 45 to 60 days of vehicle pick-up, the vehicle is sold either on behalf of the insurance company or for our own account, depending on the terms of the contract. In the U.K., upon release of interest by the vehicle owner, the insurance company notifies us that the vehicle is available for sale. Generally, sellers of non-salvage vehicles will arrange to deliver the vehicle to one of our locations, although we may offer transportation services to obtain the vehicle. At that time, the vehicle information will be uploaded to our system and made available for buyers to review online. The vehicle is then sold at auction on VB3 typically within seven days. Proceeds are then collected from the member, typically seller fees are subtracted, and the remainder is remitted to the seller. 4 Table of Contents Operating and Growth Strategy Our growth strategy is to increase revenues and profitability by, among other things, (i) acquiring and developing additional vehicle storage facilities in key markets, including foreign markets; (ii) pursuing global, national, and regional vehicle seller agreements; (iii) increasing our service offerings; and (iv) expanding the application of VB3 into new markets. In addition, we implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary. As part of our overall expansion strategy, our objective is to increase our revenues, operating profits, and market share in the vehicle remarketing industry. To implement our growth strategy, we intend to continue to do the following: Acquire and Develop New Vehicle Storage Facilities in Key Markets Including Foreign Markets Our strategy is to offer integrated services to vehicle sellers on a global, national, or regional basis by acquiring or developing facilities in new and existing markets. We integrate our new acquisitions into our global network and capitalize on certain operating efficiencies resulting from, among other things, the reduction of duplicative overhead and the implementation of our operating procedures. Pursue Global, National, and Regional Vehicle Supply Agreements Our broad global presence enhances our ability to enter into global, national, or regional supply agreements with vehicle sellers. We actively seek to establish supply agreements with insurance companies by promoting our ability to achieve high net returns and broader access to buyers through our national coverage and electronic commerce capabilities. By utilizing our existing insurance company seller relationships, we are able to build new seller relationships and pursue additional supply agreements in existing and new markets. Expand Our Service Offerings to Sellers and Members Over the past several years, we have expanded our available service offerings to vehicle sellers and members. The primary focus of these new service offerings is to maximize returns to our sellers and maximize product value to our members. This includes, for our sellers, real-time access to sales data over the internet, the ability to respond on a national scale, and for our members, the implementation of VB3 real-time bidding at substantially all of our facilities, thereby permitting members at any location worldwide to participate in the sales at our facilities. We plan to continue to refine and expand our services, including offering software that can assist our sellers in expediting claims and salvage management tools that help sellers integrate their systems with ours. Our Competitive Advantages We believe that the following attributes and the services that we offer position us to take advantage of many opportunities in the online vehicle auction and services industry: Geographic Coverage and Ability to Respond on a Global Scale Since our inception in 1982, we have expanded from a single facility in Vallejo, California to an integrated network of facilities located in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, Bahrain, and Spain. In Germany, we also derive revenue from listing vehicles on behalf of insurance companies and insurance experts to determine the vehicle’s residual value and/or to facilitate a sale for the insured. We offer integrated services to our vehicle sellers, which allow us to respond to the needs of our sellers and members with maximum efficiency. Our coverage provides our sellers with key advantages, including: • attractiveness and efficiency to buyers, leading to enhanced selling prices for vehicles; • a reduction in administrative time and effort; • a reduction in overall vehicle transportation costs; • convenient local facilities; 5 Table of Contents • improved access to buyers throughout the world; • a prompt response in the event of a natural disaster or other catastrophe; and • consistency in products and services. Value-Added Services We believe that we offer the most comprehensive range of services in our industry, including: • internet bidding, internet proxy bidding, and virtual sales powered by VB3, which enhance the competitive bidding process; • mobile applications, which allow members to search, bid, create watch lists, join auctions, and bid in numerous languages from anywhere; • a tailored experience by way of predictive analytics through collaborative filtering, such as the Recommendations Engine feature that suggests similar makes and models based on a member’s behavior; • Buy It Now, which provides an option to our members to purchase specific pre-qualified vehicles immediately at a set price before the live auction process; • Make An Offer, which provides an option to our members to submit an offer amount on certain selected vehicles and if the offer is accepted, purchase the vehicle before the live auction process; • online payment capabilities via our ePay product, credit cards, and third-party financing programs; • email and text notifications available in numerous languages to potential buyers of vehicles that match desired characteristics; • sophisticated vehicle processing at storage sites, including digital imaging of each vehicle and the scanning of each vehicle’s title and other significant documents such as body shop invoices, all of which are available from us over the internet; • expedited process to assess total loss through our Total Loss Express 360 and Co.ai tools; • title procurement and loan payoff services offered through Title Express; • specialty sales, which allow buyers the opportunity to focus on such select types of vehicles as motorcycles, heavy equipment, boats, recreational vehicles, and rental cars; • interactive online counter-bidding, which allows sellers who have placed a minimum bid or a bid to be approved on a vehicle to directly counter-bid the current high bidder; and • Night Cap sales, which provides an additional opportunity for bidding on vehicles that have not previously achieved their minimum bid. Proven Ability to Acquire and Integrate Acquisitions We have a proven track record of successfully acquiring and integrating facilities and companies. Since becoming a public company in 1994, we have completed acquisitions of facilities in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the U.A.E., Germany, Finland, and Spain. As part of our acquisition and integration strategy, we seek to: • expand our global presence; • strengthen our networks and access new markets; • utilize our existing corporate and technology infrastructure over a larger base of operations; and • introduce our comprehensive services and operational expertise. 6 Table of Contents We strive to integrate all new facilities and companies, when appropriate, into our existing network without disruption of service to vehicle sellers. We typically retain existing employees at acquired facilities in order to retain knowledge about, and respond to, the local market. Technology to Enhance and Expand Our Business We have developed management information and proprietary software systems that allow us to deliver a fully integrated service offering. Our proprietary software programs provide vehicle sellers with online access to data and reports regarding their vehicles being processed at any of our facilities. This technology allows vehicle sellers to monitor each stage o