Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

 The risk factors summarized and detailed below
could materially harm production from the Underlying Properties, operating results and/or the Trust’s financial condition, adversely
affect proceeds to the Trust and cash distributions to Trust unitholders, and/or cause the price of the Trust Units to decline. These
are not all the risks the Trust faces, and other factors not presently known to the Trust or that the Trust currently believes are immaterial
may also affect the Trust if they occur. 

 Summary of Risk Factors 

 The following is a summary of some of the risks
and uncertainties that could materially affect the Trust’s business, financial condition and results of operations. You should read
this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. 

 Business and Operating Risks 

 · Prices of oil and natural gas fluctuate, and lower prices could reduce proceeds
to the Trust and cash distributions to Trust unitholders. 

 · Actual reserves and future production may be less than current estimates,
which could reduce cash distributions by the Trust and the value of the Trust Units. 

 · The ability or willingness of OPEC and other oil exporting nations to set
and maintain production levels has a significant impact on oil and natural gas commodity prices. 

 · Third-party operators operate all of the wells on the Underlying Properties;
therefore, the Sponsor is not in a position to control the timing of development efforts, the associated costs or the rate of production
of the reserves on such properties. 

 · Developing oil and natural gas wells and producing oil and natural gas are
costly and high-risk activities with many uncertainties that could adversely affect future production from the Underlying Properties. 

 · Shortages of equipment, services and qualified personnel could increase costs
of developing and operating the Underlying Properties and reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to Trust unitholders. 

 · The amount of cash available for distribution by the Trust depends in part
on access to and operation of gathering, transportation and processing facilities. 

 · Adverse developments in Texas, Louisiana or New Mexico could adversely impact
the results of operations and cash flows of the Underlying Properties and reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to Trust
unitholders. 

 Financial Risks 

 · The Trust Units may lose value as a result of
title deficiencies with respect to the Underlying Properties. 

 · The oil and natural gas reserves attributable
to the Underlying Properties are depleting assets and production from those reserves will diminish over time. 

 · An increase in the differential between the price
realized by the Sponsor for oil and natural gas produced from the Underlying Properties and the NYMEX or other benchmark price of oil
or natural gas could reduce the net profits payable to the Trust and, therefore, the cash distributions by the Trust and the value of
the Trust Units. 

 19 

 · Higher production and development costs and expenses
related to the Underlying Properties and other costs and expenses incurred by the Trust, without concurrent increases in revenue, will
reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to Trust unitholders. 

 · The Trust has established a cash reserve for
contingent liabilities and to pay expenses in accordance with the Trust Agreement, which would reduce net profits payable to the Trust
and distributions to Trust unitholders. 

 · The amount of cash available for distribution
by the Trust could be reduced by expenses caused by uninsured claims. 

 · The Sponsor’s ability to perform its obligations
to the Trust could be limited by restrictions under its debt agreements. 

 · The bankruptcy of the Sponsor or any of the third-party
operators could impede the operation of the wells and the development of the proved undeveloped reserves. 

 · In the event of the bankruptcy of the Sponsor,
if a court were to hold that the Net Profits Interest was part of the bankruptcy estate, the Trust may be treated as an unsecured creditor
with respect to the Net Profits Interest attributable to properties in Louisiana and New Mexico. 

 Risks Related to the Structure of the Trust 

 · The Trust is passive in nature and neither the Trustee nor the Trust unitholders
have any ability to influence the Sponsor or control the operations or development of the Underlying Properties. 

 · Subject to specified limitations, the Sponsor may transfer all or a portion
of the Underlying Properties at any time without Trust unitholder consent. 

 · Under certain circumstances, the Trustee must sell the Net Profits Interest
and dissolve the Trust prior to the expected termination of the Trust. 

 · Conflicts of interest could arise between the Sponsor and its affiliates,
on the one hand, and the Trust and the Trust unitholders, on the other hand. 

 · The Trust is administered by a Trustee who cannot be replaced except by a
majority vote of the Trust unitholders at a special meeting. 

 · Trust unitholders have limited ability to enforce provisions of the Conveyance. 

 · Financial information of the Trust is not prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

 · The Trust is a smaller reporting company and benefits from certain reduced
governance and disclosure requirements, which could make the Trust Units less attractive to investors. 

 Risks Related to Ownership of the Trust Units 

 · If the Trust cannot meet continued listing requirements, the NYSE may delist
the Trust Units. 

 · The Sponsor may sell Trust Units in the public or private markets, and such
sales may have an adverse impact on the trading price of the Trust Units. 

 · The trading price for the Trust Units may not reflect the value of the Net
Profits Interest held by the Trust. 

 · Courts outside of Delaware may not recognize the limited liability of Trust
unitholders. 

 Legal, Environmental and Regulatory Risks 

 · The operations on the Underlying Properties are subject to complex federal,
state, local and other laws and regulations, including environmental regulations, that could adversely affect the cost, manner or feasibility
of conducting operations on them or expose the operator to significant liabilities. 

 · Climate change laws and regulations restricting emissions of “greenhouse
gases” could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the oil and natural gas that the operators produce while
the physical effects of climate change could disrupt their production and cause them to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding
to those effects. 

 20 

 · Federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic
fracturing could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays. 

 Cybersecurity Risks 

 · Cyber-attacks or other failures in telecommunications or information technology
systems could result in information theft, data corruption and significant disruption of the Sponsor’s or the Trustee’s operations. 

 Tax Risks Related to the Trust Units 

 · If the IRS were to determine (and be sustained in that determination) that
the Trust is not a “grantor trust” for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Trust could be subject to more complex and costly
tax reporting requirements that could reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to Trust unitholders. 

 · Trust unitholders are required to pay taxes on their share of the Trust’s
income even if they do not receive any cash distributions from the Trust. 

 · A portion of any tax gain on the disposition of the Trust Units could be
taxed as ordinary income. 

 · The IRS may challenge the Trust’s approach to allocating its items
of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of the Trust Units each month based upon the ownership of the
Trust Units on the monthly record date, instead of on the basis of the date a particular Trust Unit is transferred. 

 BUSINESS AND OPERATING RISKS 

 Prices of oil and natural gas fluctuate,
and lower prices could reduce proceeds to the Trust and cash distributions to Trust unitholders. 

 The Trust’s reserves and monthly cash distributions
are highly dependent upon the prices realized from the sale of oil and natural gas. Oil and natural gas prices can fluctuate widely on
a month-to-month basis in response to a variety of factors that are beyond the control of the Trust and the Sponsor. These factors include,
among others: 

 · regional, domestic and foreign supply and perceptions of supply of oil and
natural gas; 

 · the level of demand and perceptions of demand for oil and natural gas; 

 · political conditions or hostilities in oil and natural gas producing regions; 

 · the wars in Ukraine and the Persian Gulf, and the potential destabilizing
effects such conflicts may pose for the global oil and gas markets; 

 · the actions of OPEC, its members and other oil-producing nations, such as
Russia, relating to oil price and production controls, including announcements of potential changes to such levels; 

 · the levels of production of oil and natural gas of non-OPEC countries; 

 · anticipated future prices of oil and natural gas and other commodities; 

 · weather conditions and seasonal trends; 

 · technological advances affecting energy consumption and energy supply; 

 · U.S. and worldwide economic conditions; 

 · tax, trade and tariff policies of the United States and other countries involved
in global energy markets; 

 · the development, exploitation and market acceptance of alternative energy
sources as part of a transition to a lower-carbon economy; 

 · the occurrence or threat of epidemic or pandemic diseases or other public
health event or any government response to such occurrence or threat; 

 · the proximity, capacity, cost and availability of gathering and transportation
facilities; 

 · the volatility and uncertainty of regional pricing differentials; 

 21 

 · governmental regulations and taxation; 

 · energy conservation and environmental measures; and 

 · acts of force majeure. 

 These factors and the volatility of the energy
markets make it extremely difficult to predict future oil and natural gas price movements with any certainty. A substantial or extended
decline in oil or natural gas prices will reduce profits to which the Trust is entitled and therefore the amount of cash available
for distribution to Trust unitholders. A prolonged period of low oil or natural gas prices may ultimately reduce the amount of oil and
natural gas that is economically viable to produce from the Underlying Properties. As a result, the operators of the Underlying Properties
could determine during periods of low commodity prices to shut-in or curtail production from wells on the Underlying Properties, or even
plug and abandon marginal wells that otherwise may have been allowed to continue to produce for a longer period under conditions of higher
prices. Specifically, an operator may abandon any well or property if it reasonably believes that the well or property can no longer produce
oil or natural gas in commercially paying quantities. This could result in termination of the Net Profits Interest relating to the abandoned
well or property. 

 The Underlying Properties are sensitive to decreasing
commodity prices. The commodity price sensitivity is due to a variety of factors that vary from well to well, including the costs associated
with water handling and disposal, chemicals, surface equipment maintenance, downhole casing repairs and reservoir pressure maintenance
activities that are necessary to maintain production. As a result, decreasing commodity prices may cause the expenses of certain wells
to exceed the well’s revenue, in which case the operator may decide to shut-in the well or plug and abandon the well. This scenario
could reduce future cash distributions to Trust unitholders. Sustained lower prices of oil and natural gas also could negatively affect
the price of the Trust Units and the qualification of the Trust Units to remain listed on the New York Stock Exchange. See “—Risks
Related to Ownership of the Trust Units—If the Trust cannot meet the New York Stock Exchange continued listing requirements, the
NYSE may delist the Trust Units.” 

 The Sponsor has not entered into any hedge contracts
relating to oil and natural gas volumes expected to be produced on behalf of the Trust, and the terms of the Conveyance prohibit the Sponsor
from entering into new hedging arrangements burdening the Trust. As a result, all production in which the Trust has an interest is unhedged,
and the amount of cash available for distribution may be subject to greater fluctuations due to changes in oil and natural gas prices. 

 Actual reserves and future production may
be less than current estimates, which could reduce cash distributions by the Trust and the value of the Trust Units. 

 The value of the Trust Units and the amount of
future cash distributions to the Trust unitholders will depend upon, among other things, the accuracy of the oil and natural gas reserves
and future production estimated to be attributable to the Trust’s interest in the Underlying Properties. The Trust’s reserve
quantities and net profits income are based on estimates of reserve quantities and net profits income for the Underlying Properties. See
 “Reserves” in Item 2 of this report for a discussion of the method of allocating proved reserves to the Underlying Properties
and the Net Profits Interest. It is not possible to measure underground accumulations of oil and natural gas in an exact way, and estimating
reserves is inherently uncertain. Ultimately, actual production and revenues from the Underlying Properties could be materially lower
than estimates. Furthermore, direct operating expenses and development expenses relating to the Underlying Properties could be substantially
higher than current estimates. Petroleum engineers are required to make subjective estimates of underground accumulations of oil and natural
gas based on factors and assumptions that include: 

 · historical production from the area compared with production rates from other
producing areas; 

 · oil and natural gas prices, production levels, Btu content, production expenses,
transportation costs, severance and excise taxes and development expenses; 

 · the availability of enhanced recovery techniques; 

 22 

 · relationships with landowners, operators, pipeline companies and others;
and 

 · the assumed effect of expected governmental regulation and future tax rates. 

 Changes in these assumptions and amounts of actual
direct operating expenses and development expenses could materially decrease reserve estimates. In addition, the quantities of recovered
reserves attributable to the Underlying Properties may decrease in the future as a result of future decreases in the price of oil or natural
gas. 

 The reserve report estimating the Trust’s
proved reserves, future production and income attributable to the Trust’s interests in the Underlying Properties as of December 31,
2025 was prepared, in accordance with applicable regulations, using an average of the NYMEX first-day-of-the-month commodity price during
the 12-month period ending on December 31, 2025 as required by the SEC. The applicable prices for 2025 were $65.34 per Bbl of oil
and $3.387 per Mcf of natural gas. 

 The ability or willingness of OPEC and other
oil exporting nations to set and maintain production levels has a significant impact on oil and natural gas commodity prices, which could
reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to Trust unitholders. 

 OPEC is an intergovernmental
organization that seeks to manage the price and supply of oil on the global energy market. Actions taken by OPEC members, including those
taken alongside other oil exporting nations, such as Russia, have a significant impact on global oil supply and pricing. For example,
OPEC and certain other oil exporting nations, such as Russia, have previously agreed to take measures, including production cuts, to support
crude oil prices. OPEC members and other oil exporting nations might not agree to future production cuts or other actions to support and
stabilize oil prices, and they may not reduce oil prices or increase production in the future. Uncertainty regarding future actions that
OPEC members or other oil exporting countries may take could lead to continued volatility in the price of oil, which could adversely affect
the financial condition and economic performance of the operators of the Underlying Properties and may reduce the net proceeds to which
the Trust is entitled, which could materially reduce or completely eliminate the amount of cash available for distribution to Trust unitholders
for an unknown period of time. 

 Third-party operators operate all of the
wells on the Underlying Properties; therefore, the Sponsor is not in a position to control the timing of development efforts, the associated
costs or the rate of production of the reserves on such properties. 

 As of December 31, 2025, all of the wells
on the Underlying Properties were operated by third-party operators. As a result, the Sponsor has limited ability to exercise influence
over, and control the risks or costs associated with, the operations of these properties. The failure of a third-party operator to adequately
or efficiently perform operations, a third-party operator’s breach of the applicable operating agreements or a third-party operator’s
failure to act in ways that are in the Sponsor’s or the Trust’s best interests could reduce production and revenues and therefore,
proceeds payable to the Trust and, ultimately, cash available for distribution to Trust unitholders. Further, none of the third-party
operators of the Underlying Properties is obligated to undertake any development activities, so any development and production activities
will be subject to their reasonable discretion. Therefore, the success and timing of drilling and development activities on properties
operated by the third-party operators depend on factors that are largely outside of the Sponsor’s control, including: 

 · the timing and amount of capital expenditures, which could be
significantly more than anticipated; 

 · the availability of suitable drilling equipment, production and transportation infrastructure and qualified operating personnel; 

 · the third-party operators’ expertise, operating efficiency
and financial resources; 

 · approval of other participants in drilling wells; 

 · the selection of technology; 

 23 

 · the selection of counterparties for the sale of production;
and 

 · the rate of production of the reserves. 

 The third-party operators may elect not to undertake
development activities, or may undertake such activities in an unanticipated fashion, which may result in significant fluctuations in
capital expenditures and amounts available for distribution to Trust unitholders. 

 In addition, disagreements may arise between one
or more of the operators, on the one hand, and the Sponsor, on the other hand, regarding the associated costs of the Underlying Properties
for which the Sponsor may be responsible, a portion of which may be attributable to the Trust, to the extent of the Trust’s interest
in the Underlying Properties. Such disagreements could result in litigation or other legal proceedings, which could reduce cash available
for distribution to Trust unitholders. 

 Developing oil and natural gas wells and
producing oil and natural gas are costly and high-risk activities with many uncertainties that could adversely affect future production
from the Underlying Properties. Any delays, reductions or cancellations in development and producing activities could decrease revenues
that are available for distribution to Trust unitholders. 

 The process of developing oil and natural gas wells
and producing oil and natural gas on the Underlying Properties is subject to numerous risks beyond the control of the Trust, the Sponsor
or the third-party operators, including risks that could delay the operators’ current drilling or production schedule and the risk
that drilling will not result in commercially viable oil or natural gas production. The ability of the operators to carry out operations
or to finance planned development expenses could be materially and adversely affected by any factor that may curtail, delay, reduce or
cancel development and production, including: 

 · declines in oil or natural gas prices; 

 · delays imposed by or resulting from compliance with environmental and other
governmental or regulatory requirements, including permitting; 

 · unusual
or unexpected geological formations; 

 · shortages
of or delays in obtaining equipment and qualified personnel; 

 · lack of available gathering, transportation and processing facilities, including
availability on commercially reasonable terms, or delays in construction of gathering facilities; 

 · lack
of available capacity on interconnecting transmission pipelines; 

 · equipment
malfunctions, failures or accidents; 

 · unexpected
operational events and drilling conditions; 

 · market
limitations for oil or natural gas; 

 · pipe
or cement failures; 

 · casing
collapses; 

 · lost
or damaged drilling and service tools; 

 · loss
of drilling fluid circulation; 

 24 

 · uncontrollable
flows of oil and natural gas, inert gas, water or drilling fluids; 

 · blowouts,
explosions, fires and natural disasters; 

 · environmental hazards, such as oil and natural gas leaks, pipeline ruptures
and discharges of toxic gases or other pollutants into the surface or subsurface environment; 

 · adverse
weather conditions; and 

 · oil
or natural gas property title problems or legal disputes regarding leasehold rights. 

 If planned operations, including drilling of development
wells, are delayed or cancelled, or if existing wells or development wells experience production below anticipated levels due to one or
more of the foregoing factors or for any other reason, future distributions to Trust unitholders may be reduced. If an operator incurs
increased costs due to one or more of the foregoing factors or for any other reason and is unable to recover such costs from insurance,
future distributions to Trust unitholders may be reduced. 

 Shortages of equipment, services and qualified
personnel could increase costs of developing and operating the Underlying Properties and reduce the amount of cash available for distribution
to Trust unitholders. 

 The demand for qualified and experienced personnel
to conduct field operations, geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other professionals in the oil and natural gas industry can fluctuate
significantly, often in correlation with oil and natural gas prices, causing periodic shortages. Historically, there have been shortages
of drilling rigs and other equipment as demand for rigs and equipment has increased along with the number of wells being drilled. These
factors also cause significant increases in costs for equipment, services and personnel. Higher oil and natural gas prices generally stimulate
demand and result in increased prices for drilling rigs, crews and associated supplies, equipment and services. Shortages of field personnel
and equipment or price increases could hinder the ability of the operators of the Underlying Properties to conduct the operations that
they currently have planned for the Underlying Properties, which would reduce the amount of cash received by the Trust and available for
distribution to Trust unitholders. 

 The amount of cash available for distribution
by the Trust depends in part on access to and operation of gathering, transportation and processing facilities. Any limitation in the
availability of those facilities could interfere with sales of oil and natural gas production from the Underlying Properties. 

 The amount of oil and natural gas that may be produced
and sold from a well is subject to curtailment in certain circumstances, such as by reason of weather conditions, pipeline interruptions
due to scheduled and unscheduled maintenance, failure of tendered oil and natural gas to meet quality specifications of gathering lines
or downstream transporters, excessive line pressure which prevents delivery, physical damage to the gathering system or transportation
system or lack of contracted capacity on such systems. The curtailments may vary from a few days to several months. In many cases, the
operators of the Underlying Properties receive only limited notice, if any, as to when production will be curtailed and the duration of
such curtailments. If the operators of the Underlying Properties are forced to reduce production due to such a curtailment, the revenues
of the Trust and the amount of cash distributions to the Trust unitholders similarly would be reduced due to the reduction of profits
from the sale of production. 

 Adverse developments in Texas, Louisiana
or New Mexico could adversely impact the results of operations and cash flows of the Underlying Properties and reduce the amount of cash
available for distribution to Trust unitholders. 

 The operations of the Underlying Properties are
focused on the production and development of oil and natural gas within the states of Texas, Louisiana and New Mexico. As a result, the
results of operations and cash flows of the Underlying Properties depend upon continuing operations in these areas. This concentration
could disproportionately expose the Trust’s interests to operational and regulatory risk in these areas. Due to the lack of geographic
diversification, adverse developments in exploration and production of oil and natural gas in any of these areas of operation could have
a significantly greater impact on the results of operations and cash flows of the Underlying Properties than if the operations were more
diversified. 

 25 

 FINANCIAL RISKS 

 The Trust Units may lose value as a result
of title deficiencies with respect to the Underlying Properties. 

 Enduro acquired the Underlying Properties through
various acquisitions in late 2010 and early 2011. The Sponsor acquired Enduro’s interests in the Underlying Properties pursuant
to the Sale Transaction that closed in August 2018. The existence of a material title deficiency with respect to the Underlying Properties
could reduce the value of a property or render it worthless, thus adversely affecting the Net Profits Interest and the distributions to
Trust unitholders. The Sponsor does not obtain title insurance covering mineral leaseholds, and the Sponsor’s failure to cure any
title defects may cause the Sponsor to lose its rights to production from the Underlying Properties. If a material title problem were
to arise, net profits available for distribution to Trust unitholders, and the value of the Trust Units, may be reduced. 

 The oil and natural gas reserves attributable
to the Underlying Properties are depleting assets and production from those reserves will diminish over time. Furthermore, because the
Trust is precluded from acquiring other oil and natural gas properties or net profits interests to replace the depleting assets and production,
proceeds to the Trust and cash distributions to Trust unitholders will decrease over time. 

 The net profits payable to the Trust attributable
to the Net Profits Interest are derived from the sale of production of oil and natural gas from the Underlying Properties. The oil and
natural gas reserves attributable to the Underlying Properties are depleting assets, which means that the reserves and the quantity of
oil and natural gas produced from the Underlying Properties will decline over time. 

 Future maintenance projects on the Underlying Properties
may affect the quantity of proved reserves that can be economically produced from wells on the Underlying Properties. The timing and size
of these projects will depend on, among other factors, the market prices of oil and natural gas. Neither the Sponsor nor, to the Sponsor’s
knowledge, the third-party operators have a contractual obligation to develop or otherwise pay development expenses on the Underlying
Properties in the future. Furthermore, with respect to properties for which the Sponsor is not designated as the operator, the Sponsor
has limited control over the timing or amount of those development expenses. The Sponsor also has the right to non-consent and not participate
in the development expenses on properties for which it is not the operator, in which case the Sponsor and the Trust will not receive the
production resulting from such development expenses. If the operators of the Underlying Properties do not implement maintenance projects
when warranted, the future rate of production decline of proved reserves may be higher than the rate currently expected by the Sponsor
or estimated in the reserve report. 

 The Trust Agreement provides that the Trust’s
activities are limited to owning the Net Profits Interest and any activity reasonably related to such ownership, including activities
required or permitted by the terms of the Conveyance related to the Net Profits Interest. As a result, the Trust is not permitted to acquire
other oil and natural gas properties or net profits interests to replace the depleting assets and production attributable to the Net Profits
Interest. 

 Because the net profits payable to the Trust are
derived from the sale of depleting assets, the portion of the distributions to Trust unitholders attributable to depletion may be considered
to have the effect of a return of capital as opposed to a return on investment. Eventually, the Underlying Properties burdened by the
Net Profits Interest may cease to produce in commercially paying quantities and the Trust may, therefore, cease to receive any distributions
of net profits therefrom. At that point the value of the Trust Units should be expected to be $0. 

 An increase in the differential between the
price realized by the Sponsor for oil or natural gas produced from the Underlying Properties and the NYMEX or other benchmark price of
oil or natural gas could reduce the net profits payable to the Trust and, therefore, the cash distributions by the Trust and the value
of the Trust Units. 

 26 

 The prices received for the Sponsor’s oil
and natural gas production usually fall below the relevant benchmark prices, such as NYMEX, that are used for calculating hedge positions.
The difference between the price received and the benchmark price is called a basis differential. The differential may vary significantly
due to market conditions, the quality and location of production and other factors. The Sponsor cannot accurately predict oil or natural
gas differentials. Increases in the differential between the realized price of oil and natural gas and the benchmark price for oil and
natural gas could reduce the profits to the Trust, the cash distributions by the Trust and the value of the Trust Units. 

 Higher production and development costs and
expenses related to the Underlying Properties and other costs and expenses incurred by the Trust, without concurrent increases in revenue,
will reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to Trust unitholders. 

 The Trust indirectly bears an 80% share of all
costs and expenses related to the Underlying Properties, such as direct operating and development expenses, which reduces the amount of
cash received by the Trust and thereafter distributable to Trust unitholders. Accordingly, higher costs and expenses related to the Underlying
Properties will directly decrease the amount of cash received by the Trust in respect of its Net Profits Interest. Historical costs may
not be indicative of future costs. For example, the third-party operators may in the future propose additional drilling projects that
significantly increase the capital expenditures associated with the Underlying Properties, which could reduce cash available for distribution
by the Trust. In addition, cash available for distribution by the Trust will be further reduced by the Trust’s general and administrative
expenses. 

 If direct operating and development expenses on
the Underlying Properties, together with the other costs, exceed gross profits of production from the Underlying Properties, the Trust
will not receive net profits from those properties until future gross profits from production exceed the total of the excess costs, plus
accrued interest at the prime rate. If the Trust does not receive net profits pursuant to the Net Profits Interest, or if such net profits
are reduced, the Trust will not be able to distribute cash to the Trust unitholders, or such cash distributions will be reduced, respectively.
Development activities may not generate sufficient additional revenue to repay the costs. 

 The Trust has established
a cash reserve for contingent liabilities and to pay expenses in accordance with the Trust Agreement, which would reduce net profits payable
to the Trust and distributions to Trust unitholders. 

 The Trust’s source
of capital is the cash flows from the Net Profits Interest. Pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Trust may establish a cash reserve through
the withholding of cash for contingent liabilities and to pay expenses, which will reduce the amount of cash otherwise available for distribution
to Trust unitholders. 

 In November 2021, the Trustee notified the
Sponsor of the Trustee’s intent to build a cash reserve for the payment of future known, anticipated or contingent expenses or liabilities
of the Trust. From February 2022 through March 2023, the Trustee withheld $37,833, and commencing with the distribution to Trust
unitholders paid in April 2023 has been withholding and, in the future, intends to withhold $50,000, from the funds otherwise available
for distribution each month to gradually build a cash reserve of approximately $2.3 million. As of December 31, 2025, the cumulative
cash reserve balance was $1,441,386. The Trustee may increase or decrease the targeted amount at any time, and may increase or decrease
the rate at which it is withholding funds to build the cash reserve at any time, without advance notice to the Trust unitholders. 

 The amount of cash available for distribution
by the Trust could be reduced by expenses caused by uninsured claims. 

 The Sponsor maintains insurance coverage against
potential losses that it believes is customary in its industry. The Sponsor currently maintains general liability insurance and excess
liability coverage. The Sponsor’s excess liability coverage and general liability insurance do not have deductibles. The general
liability insurance covers the Sponsor and its subsidiaries for legal and contractual liabilities arising out of bodily injury or property
damage, including any resulting loss of use to third parties, and for sudden and accidental pollution or environmental liability, while
the excess liability coverage is in addition to and triggered if the general liability per occurrence limit is reached. In addition, the
Sponsor maintains control of well insurance with per occurrence limits depending on the status of the well and deductibles consistent
with industry standards. The Sponsor’s general liability insurance and excess liability policies do not provide coverage with respect
to legal and contractual liabilities of the Trust, and the Trust does not maintain such coverage since it is passive in nature and does
not have any ability to influence the Sponsor or control the operations or development of the Underlying Properties. 

 27 

 The Sponsor does not currently have any insurance
policies in effect that are intended to provide coverage for losses solely related to hydraulic fracturing operations, other than its
general liability and excess liability insurance policies that may cover third-party claims related to hydraulic fracturing operations
in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of such policies. These policies may not cover fines, penalties or costs and expenses related
to government-mandated cleanup of pollution. In addition, these policies do not provide coverage for all liabilities, and the insurance
coverage may not be adequate to cover claims that may arise; moreover, the Sponsor may not be able to maintain adequate insurance at rates
it considers reasonable. The occurrence of an event not fully covered by insurance could result in a significant decrease in the amount
of cash available for distribution by the Trust. The Trust does not maintain any type of insurance against any of the risks of conducting
oil and gas exploration and production, hydraulic fracturing operations, or related activities. 

 The Sponsor’s ability to perform its
obligations to the Trust could be limited by restrictions under its debt agreements . 

 The Sponsor has various contractual obligations
to the Trust under the Trust Agreement and Conveyance. Restrictions under the Sponsor’s debt agreements, including certain
covenants, financial ratios and tests, could impair its ability to fulfill its obligations to the Trust. The requirement that the
Sponsor comply with these restrictive covenants and financial ratios and tests may materially adversely affect its ability to react to
changes in market conditions, take advantage of business opportunities it believes to be desirable, obtain future financing, fund needed
capital expenditures or withstand a continuing or future downturn in its business which may, in turn, impair the Sponsor’s operations
and its ability to perform its obligations to the Trust under the Trust Agreement and Conveyance. If the Sponsor is unable to perform
its obligations to the Trust under the Trust Agreement or Conveyance, it could have a material adverse effect on the Trust. 

 The bankruptcy of the Sponsor or any of the
third-party operators could impede the operation of the wells and the development of the proved undeveloped reserves. 

 The value of the Net Profits Interest and the Trust’s
ultimate cash available for distribution is highly dependent on the financial condition of the operators of the Underlying Properties.
None of the operators of the Underlying Properties, including the Sponsor, has agreed with the Trust to maintain a certain net worth or
to be restricted by other similar covenants. 

 The ability to develop and operate the Underlying
Properties depends on the future financial condition and economic performance and access to capital of the operators of those properties,
which in turn will depend upon the supply and demand for oil and natural gas, prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and
other factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Sponsor and the third party operators. Reduced demand for crude oil in the
global market could have a negative impact on the financial condition and economic performance of one or more of the operators of the
Underlying Properties. The Sponsor is not a reporting company and is not required to file periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to the
Exchange Act. Therefore, Trust unitholders do not have access to financial information about the Sponsor. 

 In the event of any future bankruptcy of any operator
of the Underlying Properties, the working interest owners in the affected properties will have to seek a new party to perform the development
and the operations of the affected wells. The working interest owners may not be able to find a replacement driller or operator, and they
may not be able to enter into a new agreement with such replacement party on favorable terms within a reasonable period. As a result,
such a bankruptcy may result in reduced production from the reserves and decreased distributions to Trust unitholders, and could adversely
affect the value of the Net Profits Interest. 

 In the event of the bankruptcy of the Sponsor,
if a court were to hold that the Net Profits Interest was part of the bankruptcy estate, the Trust may be treated as an unsecured creditor
with respect to the Net Profits Interest attributable to properties in Louisiana and New Mexico. 

 The Sponsor and the Trust believe that, in a bankruptcy
of the Sponsor, the Net Profits Interest would be viewed as a separate property interest under Texas law and, as such, outside of the
Sponsor’s bankruptcy estate. However, if the bankruptcy court were to hold otherwise, or if Louisiana or New Mexico law were held
to be applicable, the Net Profits Interest might be considered an asset of the bankruptcy estate and used to satisfy obligations to creditors
of the Sponsor, in which case the Trust would be an unsecured creditor of the Sponsor at risk of losing the entire value of the Net Profits
Interest to senior creditors. 

 28 

 RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF THE TRUST 

 The Trust is passive in nature and neither
the Trustee nor the Trust unitholders have any ability to influence the Sponsor or control the operations or development of the Underlying
Properties. 

 The Trust Units are a passive investment that entitles
the Trust unitholders to only receive cash distributions derived from the Net Profits Interest. Trust unitholders have no voting rights
with respect to the Sponsor and, therefore, have no managerial, contractual or other ability to influence the Sponsor’s or the third-party
operators’ activities or the operations of the Underlying Properties. Oil and natural gas properties are typically managed pursuant
to an operating agreement among the working interest owners of oil and natural gas properties. As of December 31, 2025, all of the
wells on the Underlying Properties were operated by third-party operators. The typical operating agreement contains procedures whereby
the owners of the working interests in the property designate one of the