Item 1. Business. 

 Permianville Royalty Trust (the “Trust”),
previously known as Enduro Royalty Trust, is a Delaware statutory trust formed in May 2011 pursuant to a trust agreement (as amended
and restated, and as further amended, the “Trust Agreement”) among Enduro Resource Partners LLC (“Enduro”), as
trustor, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the “Trustee”), as trustee, and Wilmington Trust Company (the “Delaware
Trustee”), as Delaware Trustee. 

 The Trust was created to acquire and hold for the
benefit of the Trust unitholders a net profits interest representing the right to receive 80% of the net profits from the sale of oil
and natural gas production from certain properties in the states of Texas, Louisiana and New Mexico held by Enduro as of the date of the
conveyance of the net profits interest to the Trust (the “Net Profits Interest”). The properties in which the Trust holds
the Net Profits Interest are referred to as the “Underlying Properties.” 

 In connection with the closing of the initial public
offering of units of beneficial interest in the Trust (“Trust Units”) in November 2011, Enduro Operating LLC, a Texas
limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Enduro (“Enduro Operating”), and Enduro Texas LLC, a Texas limited
liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Enduro (“Enduro Texas”), merged, with each entity surviving the merger.
By virtue of the merger, Enduro Texas retained all rights, title and interest to the Net Profits Interest. Enduro Operating and Enduro
Texas entered into a Conveyance of Net Profits Interest, dated effective as of July 1, 2011 (as supplemented and amended to date,
the “Conveyance”), to effect the transfer of the Net Profits Interest from Enduro Operating to Enduro Texas. 

 On November 8, 2011, Enduro Texas merged with
and into the Trust (the “Trust Merger”) pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 3, 2011 (the “Trust
Merger Agreement”). Under the terms of the Trust Merger Agreement, the Trust continued as the surviving entity, and the limited
liability company interest in Enduro Texas held by Enduro prior to the effective time of the Trust Merger converted into the right to
receive 33,000,000 Trust Units. Further, by virtue of the Trust Merger, the Trust retained all right, title and interest to the Net Profits
Interest (including the right to enforce the Conveyance against Enduro Operating, as grantor). On November 8, 2011, the Trust, Enduro
Operating and Enduro Texas entered into a Supplement to Conveyance of Net Profits Interest to acknowledge that The Bank of New York Mellon
Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, is deemed the grantee under the Conveyance and a party thereto. 

 Immediately following the Trust Merger, Enduro
completed an initial public offering of 13,200,000 Trust Units at a price to the public of $22 per unit. 

 In October 2013, Enduro completed a secondary
offering of 11,200,000 Trust Units at a price to the public of $13.85 per unit. The Trust did not sell any Trust Units in the offering
and did not receive any proceeds from the offering. After the completion of the secondary offering, Enduro owned 8,600,000 Trust Units,
or 26% of the issued and outstanding Trust Units. 

 At a special meeting of Trust unitholders held
on August 30, 2017, unitholders approved several proposals, including amendments to the Trust Agreement and Conveyance. In September 2017,
Enduro, the Trustee and the Delaware Trustee entered into the First Amendment to Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, which amended certain
provisions of the Trust Agreement to, among other things, allow Enduro to sell interests in the Underlying Properties free and clear of
the Net Profits Interest with the approval of Trust unitholders holding at least 50% of the then outstanding units of the Trust at a meeting
held in accordance with the requirements of the Trust Agreement. This amendment reduced the required threshold for approval of such sales
from holders of 75% to holders of 50% of the outstanding Trust Units. To effect the same changes as those included in the amended Trust
Agreement, Enduro, the Trustee and the Delaware Trustee also entered into the First Amendment to Conveyance of Net Profits Interest. As
a result of the Trust unitholders approving amendments to the Trust Agreement and Conveyance and the approval of the divestiture of certain
properties in the Permian Basin, Enduro and the Trustee entered into the Partial Release, Reconveyance and Termination Agreement (the
 “Partial Release”). Pursuant to the terms of the Partial Release, the Trustee, on behalf of the Trust, reconveyed, terminated
and released to Enduro the Net Profits Interest with respect to certain of the Underlying Properties sold pursuant to eight letter agreements
or purchase and sale agreements, as applicable, entered into between Enduro and eight separate counterparties. 

 1 

 On August 31, 2018, COERT Holdings 1 LLC (“COERT”
or the “Sponsor”) acquired the Underlying Properties and all of the outstanding Trust Units owned by Enduro (the “Sale
Transaction”). In connection with the Sale Transaction, COERT assumed all of Enduro’s obligations under the Trust Agreement
and other instruments to which Enduro and the Trustee were parties. COERT is a Delaware limited liability company engaged in the production
and development of oil and natural gas from properties located in the Rockies, the Permian Basin of west Texas and southeastern New Mexico,
and the Arklatex region of Texas and Louisiana. 

 On May 3, 2023, the Sponsor notified the Trustee
that the Sponsor had entered into an agreement to divest certain acreage and associated production in the Permian Basin (the “2023
Divestiture Properties”) that constituted part of the Underlying Properties and were therefore burdened by the Trust’s Net
Profits Interest, for a total purchase price of approximately $6.7 million. On July 19, 2023, at a special meeting of Trust
unitholders, the unitholders approved the foregoing transaction and the release of the Trust’s Net Profits Interest in the 2023
Divestiture Properties. On August 9, 2023, the Sponsor completed the sale of the 2023 Divestiture Properties, and the Trustee, on
behalf of the Trust, reconveyed, terminated and released to the Sponsor the Net Profits Interest with respect to the 2023 Divestiture
Properties. 

 The Net Profits Interest is passive in nature and
neither the Trust nor the Trustee has any management control over or responsibility for costs relating to the operation of the Underlying
Properties. The Net Profits Interest entitles the Trust to receive 80% of the net profits from the sale of oil and natural gas production
from the Underlying Properties during the term of the Trust. The Trust Agreement provides that the Trust’s business activities are
limited to owning the Net Profits Interest and any activity reasonably related to such ownership, including activities required or permitted
by the terms of the Conveyance. As a result, the Trust is not permitted to acquire other oil and natural gas properties or net profits
interests or otherwise to engage in activities beyond those necessary for the conservation and protection of the Net Profits Interest. 

 The Trust has no employees. Administrative functions
are performed by the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Agreement. The Trustee has no authority over or responsibility for, and no involvement
with, any aspect of the oil and gas operations or other activities on the Underlying Properties. The duties of the Trustee are specified
in the Trust Agreement and by the laws of the state of Delaware, except as modified by the Trust Agreement. The Trustee’s principal
duties consist of: 

 · collecting cash attributable to the Net Profits Interest; 

 · paying expenses, charges and obligations of the Trust from the Trust’s
assets; 

 · distributing distributable cash to the Trust unitholders; 

 · causing to be prepared and distributed a tax information report for each
Trust unitholder and preparing and filing tax returns on behalf of the Trust; 

 · causing to be prepared and filed reports required to be filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and by the rules of any securities exchange or quotation system
on which the Trust Units are listed or admitted to trading; 

 · causing to be prepared and filed a reserve report by or for the Trust by
independent reserve engineers as of December 31 of each year in accordance with criteria established by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “SEC”); 

 · establishing, evaluating and maintaining a system of internal control over
financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

 · enforcing the Trust’s rights under certain agreements; and 

 2 

 · taking any action it deems necessary or advisable to best achieve the purposes
of the Trust. 

 In connection with the formation of the Trust,
the Trust entered into several agreements with Enduro that imposed obligations upon Enduro, including the Conveyance and a Registration
Rights Agreement, which COERT assumed in connection with the Sale Transaction. The Trustee has the power and authority under the Trust
Agreement to enforce these agreements on behalf of the Trust. Additionally, the Trustee may from time to time supplement or amend the
Conveyance and the Registration Rights Agreement without the approval of Trust unitholders in order to cure any ambiguity, to correct
or supplement any defective or inconsistent provisions, to grant any benefit to all of the Trust unitholders, to comply with changes in
applicable law or to change the name of the Trust. Such supplement or amendment, however, may not materially adversely affect the interests
of the Trust unitholders. 

 The Trustee may create a cash reserve to pay for
future liabilities of the Trust. In addition, the Trustee may authorize the Trust to borrow money to pay administrative or incidental
expenses of the Trust that exceed its cash on hand and available reserves. The Trustee may authorize the Trust to borrow from any person,
including the Trustee, the Delaware Trustee or an affiliate thereof, although none of the Trustee, the Delaware Trustee nor any affiliate
thereof intends to lend funds to the Trust. The Trustee also may cause the Trust to mortgage its assets to secure payment of the indebtedness.
The terms of such indebtedness and security interest, if the Trustee, Delaware Trustee or an affiliate thereof were to loan funds, would
be similar to the terms that such entity would grant to a similarly situated commercial customer with whom it did not have a fiduciary
relationship. Under the terms of the Trust Agreement, COERT has provided the Trust with a $1.2 million letter of credit to be used by
the Trust if the Trust’s cash on hand (including available cash reserves) is not sufficient to pay ordinary course administrative
expenses. If the Trust requires more than the $1.2 million under the letter of credit to pay administrative expenses, COERT has agreed
to loan funds to the Trust necessary to pay such expenses. If the Trust borrows funds or draws on the letter of credit, no further distributions
will be made to Trust unitholders until such amounts borrowed or drawn are repaid. 

 In November 2021, the Trustee notified COERT
of the Trustee’s intent to build a cash reserve for the payment of future known, anticipated or contingent expenses or liabilities
of the Trust. From February 2022 through March 2023, the Trustee withheld $37,833, and commencing with the distribution to Trust
unitholders paid in April 2023 has been withholding, and in the future intends to withhold, $50,000, from the funds otherwise available
for distribution each month to gradually build a cash reserve of approximately $2.3 million. The Trustee may increase or decrease the
targeted cash reserve amount at any time, and may increase or decrease the rate at which it is withholding funds to build the cash reserve
at any time, without advance notice to the Trust unitholders. Cash held in reserve will be invested as required by the Trust Agreement.
Any cash reserved in excess of the amount necessary to pay or provide for the payment of future known, anticipated or contingent expenses
or liabilities eventually will be distributed to Trust unitholders, together with interest earned on the funds. As of December 31,
2025, this cash reserve totaled $1,441,386. 

 Each month, after paying Trust obligations and
expenses, the Trustee distributes to the Trust unitholders any remaining proceeds received from the Net Profits Interest. The cash held
by the Trustee as a reserve against future liabilities or for distribution at the next distribution date may be held in a noninterest-bearing
account or may be invested in: 

 · interest-bearing obligations of the United States government; 

 · money market funds that invest only in United States government securities; 

 · repurchase agreements secured by interest-bearing obligations of the United
States government; or 

 · bank certificates of deposit. 

 The Trust is not subject to
any pre-set termination provisions based on a maximum volume of oil or natural gas to be produced or the passage of time. The Trust will
dissolve upon the earliest to occur of the following: 

 · the Trust, upon approval of the holders of at least 75% of the outstanding
Trust Units, sells the Net Profits Interest; 

 3 

 · the annual cash proceeds received by the Trust attributable to the Net Profits
Interest are less than $2 million for each of any two consecutive years; 

 · the holders of at least 75% of the outstanding Trust Units vote in favor
of dissolution; or 

 · the Trust is judicially dissolved. 

 Upon dissolution of the Trust,
the Trustee would sell all of the Trust’s assets, either by private sale or public auction, and, after payment or the making of
reasonable provision for payment of all liabilities of the Trust, distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Trust unitholders. 

 Marketing and Post-Production Services 

 Pursuant to the terms of the Conveyance, the Sponsor
has the responsibility to market, or cause to be marketed, the oil and natural gas production attributable to the Net Profits Interest
in the Underlying Properties. The terms of the Conveyance restrict the Sponsor from charging any fee for marketing production attributable
to the Net Profits Interest other than fees for marketing paid to non-affiliates. Accordingly, a marketing fee is not deducted (other
than fees paid to non-affiliates) in the calculation of the Net Profits Interest’s share of net profits. The net profits to the
Trust from the sales of oil and natural gas production from the Underlying Properties attributable to the Net Profits Interest is determined
based on the same price that the Sponsor receives for sales of oil and natural gas production attributable to the Sponsor’s interest
in the Underlying Properties. However, if the oil or natural gas is processed, the net profits receive the same processing upgrade or
downgrade that the Sponsor receives. 

 The operators of the Underlying Properties sell
the oil produced from the Underlying Properties to third-party crude oil purchasers. Oil production from the Underlying Properties is
typically transported by truck from the field to the closest gathering facility or refinery. The operators sell the majority of the oil
production from the Underlying Properties under contracts using market sensitive pricing. The price received by the operators for the
oil production from the Underlying Properties is usually based on a regional price applied to equal daily quantities in the month of delivery
that is then reduced for differentials based upon delivery location and oil quality. Natural gas produced by the operators is marketed
and sold to third-party purchasers. The natural gas is sold pursuant to contracts with such third parties, and the sales contracts are
in their secondary terms and are on a month-to-month basis. The contract prices are based on a published regional index price, after adjustments
for Btu content, transportation and related charges. 

 The following purchasers individually accounted
for ten percent or more of sales from the Underlying Properties that were included in calculating the Trust’s “Income from
net profits interest” for the periods presented. The table provides the percentage represented by each of these purchasers during
the periods presented: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2025 
 2024 
 
 Pioneer Natural Resources USA 
 19 % 
 23 % 
 
 Phillips 66 
 18 % 
 18 % 
 
 BPX Operating Company 
 14 % 
 2 % 

 Competition and Markets 

 The oil and natural gas industry is highly competitive.
The Sponsor competes with major oil and natural gas companies and independent oil and natural gas companies for oil and natural gas, equipment,
personnel and markets for the sale of oil and natural gas. Many of these competitors are financially stronger than the Sponsor, but even
financially troubled competitors can affect the market because of their need to sell oil and natural gas at any price to attempt to maintain
cash flow. Because the Sponsor and the third-party operators of the Underlying Properties are subject to competitive conditions in the
oil and natural gas industry, the Trust’s Net Profits Interest is indirectly subject to those same competitive conditions. 

 4 

 Oil and natural gas compete with other forms of
energy available to customers, primarily based on price. These alternate forms of energy include electricity, coal and fuel oils. Changes
in the availability or price of oil, natural gas or other forms of energy, as well as business conditions, conservation, legislation,
regulations and the ability to convert to alternate fuels and other forms of energy may affect the demand for oil and natural gas. 

 Future prices for oil and natural gas will directly
impact Trust distributions, estimates of reserves attributable to the Trust’s interests and estimated and actual future net revenues
to the Trust. In view of the many uncertainties that affect the supply and demand for oil and natural gas, neither the Trust nor the Sponsor
can make reliable predictions of future oil and natural gas supply and demand or future product prices. Nevertheless, lower product prices
generally will result in lower distributions, lower estimates of reserves attributable to the Trust’s interests and lower estimated
and actual future net revenues to the Trust. 

 All the Trust’s assets
are located in the United States. The operators of the Underlying Properties sell the oil and natural gas produced from the Underlying
Properties to third-party purchasers in the United States. Demand for natural gas generally is higher in the winter months, but otherwise
seasonal factors do not affect the Trust. 

 Description of Trust Units 

 Each Trust Unit is a unit of beneficial interest
in the Trust and is entitled to receive cash distributions from the Trust on a pro rata basis. Each Trust unitholder has the same rights
regarding his or her Trust Units as every other Trust unitholder has regarding his or her units. The Trust Units are in book-entry form
only and are not represented by certificates. The Trust had 33,000,000 Trust Units outstanding as of March 23, 2026. 

 Distributions and Income Computations 

 Each month, the Trustee determines the amount of
funds available for distribution to the Trust unitholders. Available funds are the excess cash, if any, received by the Trust from the
Net Profits Interest and other sources (such as interest earned on any amounts reserved by the Trustee) that month, over the Trust’s
liabilities for that month. Available funds are reduced by any cash the Trustee decides to hold as a reserve against future liabilities.
The holders of Trust Units as of the applicable record date (generally the last business day of each calendar month) are entitled to monthly
distributions payable on or before the 10th business day after the record date. If the net profits for any computation period is a negative
amount, the Trust will receive no payment for that period, and any such negative amount plus accrued interest will be deducted from gross
profits in the following computation period for purposes of determining the net profits for that following computation period. 

 Unless otherwise advised by counsel or the Internal
Revenue Service (“IRS”), the Trustee will treat the income and expenses of the Trust for each month as belonging to the Trust
unitholders of record on the monthly record date. Trust unitholders generally will recognize income and expenses for tax purposes in the
month the Trust receives or pays those amounts, rather than in the month the Trust distributes the cash to which such income or expenses
(as applicable) relate. Minor variances may occur. For example, the Trustee could establish a reserve in one month that would not result
in a tax deduction until a later month. 

 Transfer of Trust Units 

 Trust unitholders may transfer their Trust Units
in accordance with the Trust Agreement. The Trustee will not require either the transferor or transferee to pay a service charge for any
transfer of a Trust Unit. The Trustee may require payment of any tax or other governmental charge imposed for a transfer. The Trustee
may treat the owner of any Trust Unit as shown by its records as the owner of the Trust Unit. The Trustee will not be considered to know
about any claim or demand on a Trust Unit by any party except the record owner. A person who acquires a Trust Unit after any monthly record
date will not be entitled to the distribution relating to that monthly record date. Delaware law and the Trust Agreement govern all matters
affecting the title, ownership or transfer of Trust Units. 

 5 

 Periodic Reports 

 The Trustee files all required Trust federal and
state income tax and information returns. The Trustee prepares and mails to Trust unitholders annual reports that Trust unitholders need
to correctly report their share of the income and deductions of the Trust. The Trustee also causes to be prepared and filed reports that
are required to be filed under the Exchange Act and by the rules of any securities exchange or quotation system on which the Trust
Units are listed or admitted to trading, and also causes the Trust to comply with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including
but not limited to, establishing, evaluating and maintaining a system of internal control over financial reporting in compliance with
the requirements of Section 404 thereof. 

 Each Trust unitholder and his or her representatives
may examine, for any proper purpose, during reasonable business hours, the records of the Trust and the Trustee, subject to such restrictions
as are set forth in the Trust Agreement. 

 Liability of Trust Unitholders 

 Under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, Trust unitholders
are entitled to the same limitation of personal liability extended to stockholders of private corporations for profit under the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. The courts in jurisdictions outside of Delaware, however, might not give effect to such limitation. 

 Voting Rights of Trust Unitholders 

 The Trustee or Trust unitholders owning at least
10% of the outstanding Trust Units may call meetings of Trust unitholders. The Trust is responsible for all costs associated with calling
a meeting of Trust unitholders, unless such meeting is called by Trust unitholders, in which case the Trust unitholders who called the
meeting are responsible for all such costs. Meetings must be held in such location as the Trustee designates in the notice of such meeting.
The Trustee must send notice of the time and place of the meeting and the matters to be acted upon to all of the Trust unitholders at
least 20 days and not more than 60 days before the meeting. Trust unitholders representing a majority of Trust Units outstanding
must be present or represented by proxy to have a quorum. Each Trust unitholder is entitled to one vote for each Trust Unit owned. Abstentions
and broker non-votes will not be deemed to be a vote cast. 

 Unless the Trust Agreement otherwise requires,
a matter may be approved or disapproved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Trust Units present in person or by proxy at a meeting
where there is a quorum. This is true even if holders of a majority of the total Trust Units did not approve it. The affirmative vote
of the holders of at least 75% of the outstanding Trust Units is required to: 

 · dissolve the Trust; 

 · amend the Trust Agreement (except with respect to certain matters that do
not adversely affect the rights of Trust unitholders in any material respect); or 

 · approve the sale of all the assets of the Trust (including the sale of the
Net Profits Interest). 

 In September 2017, following a special meeting
of Trust unitholders at which unitholders approved amendments to the Trust Agreement, Enduro, the Trustee and the Delaware Trustee entered
into the First Amendment to Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, which amended certain provisions of the Trust Agreement to, among other
things, allow Enduro (and, therefore, following the Sale Transaction, the Sponsor) to sell interests in the Underlying Properties free
and clear of the Net Profits Interest with the approval of Trust unitholders holding at least 50% of the then outstanding units of the
Trust at a meeting held in accordance with the requirements of the Trust Agreement. This amendment reduced the required threshold for
approval of such sales from holders of 75% to holders of 50% of the outstanding Trust Units. 

 In addition, the Trustee may make certain amendments
to the Trust Agreement without approval of the Trust unitholders. 

 6 

 Computation of Net Profits 

 The provisions of the Conveyance governing