Permianville Royalty Trust Announces Monthly
Cash Distribution 

 HOUSTON, Texas—(BUSINESS WIRE)—September
18, 2026 

 Permianville Royalty Trust (NYSE: PVL, the “Trust”)
today announced a cash distribution to the holders of its units of beneficial interest of $0.016000 per unit, payable on October 14, 2026,
to unitholders of record on September 30, 2026. The net profits interest calculation represents reported oil production for the month
of June 2026 and reported natural gas production during May 2026. The calculation includes accrued costs incurred in July 2026. 

 The following table displays reported underlying
oil and natural gas sales volumes and average received wellhead prices attributable to the current and prior month recorded net profits
interest calculations. 

 Underlying Sales Volumes 
 Average Price 

 Oil 
 Natural Gas 
 Oil 
 Natural Gas 

 Bbls 
 Bbls/D 
 Mcf 
 Mcf/D 
 (per Bbl) 
 (per Mcf) 
 
 Current Month 
 42,472 
 1,416 
 554,438 
 17,885 
 $ 92.96 
 $ 2.21 
 
 Prior Month 
 34,255 
 1,105 
 468,658 
 15,612 
 $ 95.23 
 $ 2.37 

 Recorded oil cash receipts from the oil and gas
properties underlying the Trust (the “Underlying Properties”) totaled $3.9 million for the current month on realized wellhead
prices of $92.96/Bbl, up $0.6 million from the prior month’s oil cash receipts. 

 Recorded natural gas cash receipts from the Underlying
Properties totaled $1.2 million for the current month on realized wellhead prices of $2.21/Mcf, up $0.1 million from the prior month. 

 Total accrued operating expenses increased $0.2
million from the prior month to $2.9 million, and capital expenditures increased $1.4 million from the prior month at $1.7 million. 

 The Sponsor has indicated to the Trustee that
the recent uptick in oil prices has increased the potential for drilling by certain operators of the Underlying Properties. Given the
increase in the current month’s reported capital spending, COERT Holdings 1 LLC (the “Sponsor”) has notified the Trustee
that the Sponsor is releasing $0.3 million of the previously disclosed cash reserve of $2.0 million that it has established for approved,
future development expenses on the Underlying Properties. The Sponsor will continue to hold the remaining cash reserve of $1.8 million
to fund an expected increase in billed development expenses; however, if those expenses are ultimately delayed or are less than expected,
or if the outlook changes, amounts reserved but unspent will be released as an incremental cash distribution in a future period. 

 In addition, in September 2026 the Sponsor closed
on a partial sale of non-producing acreage for $0.3 million, free and clear of the Trust’s net profits interest. The sale also includes
a future capital expenditure carry from the buyer . The sale proceeds attributable to the Trust’s net profits interest, net of customary
sale and legal expenses, will be included in an upcoming monthly distribution to unitholders. 

 About Permianville Royalty Trust 

 Permianville Royalty Trust is a Delaware statutory
trust formed to own a net profits interest representing the right to receive 80% of the net profits from the sale of oil and natural gas
production from certain, predominantly non-operated, oil and gas properties in the states of Texas, Louisiana and New Mexico. As described
in the Trust’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the amount of the periodic distributions
is expected to fluctuate, depending on the proceeds received by the Trust as a result of actual production volumes, oil and gas prices,
the amount and timing of capital expenditures, and the Trust’s administrative expenses, among other factors. Future distributions
are expected to be made on a monthly basis. For additional information on the Trust, please visit www.permianvilleroyaltytrust.com. 

 Forward-Looking Statements and Cautionary
Statements 

 This press release contains statements that are
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All
statements contained in this press release, other than statements of historical facts, are “forward-looking statements” for
purposes of these provisions. These forward-looking statements include the amount and date of any anticipated distribution to unitholders,
expectations regarding future development on the Underlying Properties and expected capital expenditures related to such future development.
The anticipated distribution is based, in large part, on the amount of cash received or expected to be received by the Trust from the
Sponsor with respect to the relevant period. The amount of such cash received or expected to be received by the Trust (and its ability
to pay distributions) has been and will continue to be directly affected by the volatility in commodity prices, which can fluctuate significantly
as a result of a variety of factors that are beyond the control of the Trust and the Sponsor. Low oil and natural gas prices will reduce
profits to which the Trust is entitled, which will reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to unitholders and in certain
periods could result in no distributions to unitholders. Other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
include expenses of the Trust and reserves for anticipated future expenses. Initial production rates may not be indicative of future production
rates and are not indicative of the amounts of oil and gas that a well may produce. In addition, future monthly capital expenditures may
exceed the average levels experienced in 2025 and prior periods, which could reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to unitholders
and in certain periods could result in no distributions to unitholders. Statements made in this press release are qualified by the cautionary
statements made in this press release. Neither the Sponsor nor the Trustee intends, and neither assumes any obligation, to update any
of the statements included in this press release. An investment in units issued by the Trust is subject to the risks described in the
Trust’s filings with the SEC, including the risks described in the Trust’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on March 23, 2026. The Trust’s quarterly and other filed reports are or will be available
over the Internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. 

 Contact 

 Permianville Royalty Trust 

 The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company,
N.A., as Trustee 

 601 Travis Street, 16 th Floor 

 Houston, Texas 77002 

 Sarah Newell 1 (512) 236-6555