ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. The following is a summary of the risk factors that we believe are most relevant to our business. These are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we think could cause our actual results to differ significantly from anticipated or historical results. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the value of our common stock could decline and shareholders may lose all or part of their investment. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, unless required by law. An investment in our securities involves risks. The following is a summary of the principal risks that you should carefully consider before investing in our securities. Risks Related to Operation as a Financial Holding Company • We operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to extensive regulation and supervision as a financial holding company, and if we are found to be in violation of any of the federal, state or local laws or regulations applicable to us, our business could suffer. • Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business or cause us to alter our business strategy. • We are subject to extensive regulation and supervision as a financial holding company, which may adversely affect our business. • We may be adversely affected by increased governmental and regulatory scrutiny or negative publicity. • Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or commitments, or to satisfy our regulators’ supervisory expectations, could subject us to, among other things, supervisory or enforcement action, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Federal law may discourage certain acquisitions of our common stock which could have a material adverse effect on our shareholders. • If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, we will not be able to successfully execute our business strategy. Risks Related to the Economy • Global economic, political, social and market conditions, including uncertainty about the financial stability of the United States could have a significant adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. • Any public health emergency, or the threat thereof, and the resulting financial and economic market uncertainty could have a significant adverse impact on us and the fair value of our investments, our subsidiaries and our clients. • Economic recessions or downturns could impair our clients and our operating results. • Inflation may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. • Terrorist attacks, acts of war, global health emergencies or natural disasters may impact the businesses in which we lend to and/or operate, and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. • If we cannot obtain additional capital because of either regulatory or market price constraints, we could be forced to curtail or cease our new lending activities and the value of our loan portfolio value could decrease and our level of liquidity and distributions could be affected adversely. Risks Related to Our Business and Structure • We are dependent upon our Senior Lending Team and our executive officers for our future success, and if we are unable to hire and retain qualified personnel or if we lose any member of our Senior Lending Team or our executive officers our ability to execute on our business plan could be significantly harmed. • We could be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. • We operate in a highly competitive market for clients, which could reduce returns and result in losses. • If we are unable to acquire and process clients effectively, we may be unable to achieve our business objectives. • Our business may be adversely affected if our risk management framework does not effectively identify, assess and mitigate risk. • Indebtedness could adversely affect our business and financial results. • We may expose ourselves to risks as we engage in hedging transactions. • The impact of artificial intelligence on our business • An inability to maintain adequate liquidity could jeopardize our business and financial condition. 37 Table of Contents • Our acquisitions and other strategic transactions, including the acquisition of Newtek Bank, may not yield the intended benefits. • Internal control deficiencies could impact the accuracy of our financial results or prevent the detection of fraud. As a result, shareholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. • Our business is subject to increasingly complex governance, public disclosure and accounting requirements that are costly and could adversely affect our business and financial results. • Our clients may be concentrated in a limited number of industries, which may subject us to a risk of significant loss if there is a downturn in a particular industry in which a number of our loans are concentrated. • If we and our subsidiaries are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our business and prospects could be harmed. • The development and use of Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) present risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business. Risks Related to SBA Lending • Changes to the SBA 7(a) Program can negatively impact our SBA 7(a) loan origination volume. • There can be no guarantee that Newtek Bank will be able to maintain its SBA 7(a) lending license and PLP status. • NSBF will remain subject to SBA regulation as it winds down its operations. • We have specific risks associated with our secondary market sales of the guaranteed portions of SBA loans. • If NSBF or Newtek Bank fail to comply with SBA regulations in connection with the origination, servicing, or liquidation of an SBA 7(a) loan, liability on the SBA guaranty, in whole or in part, could be transferred to NSBF or Newtek Bank. • Curtailment of the government-guaranteed loan programs could adversely affect our results of operations. • Our loans under the SBA 7(a) Program involve a high risk of default and such default could adversely impact our results of operations. • The loans we make under the SBA 7(a) Program face competition. • A governmental failure to fund the SBA could adversely affect Newtek Bank’s SBA 7(a) loan originations and our results of operations. • We could be adversely affected by weakness in the residential housing and CRE markets. Risks Related to Payment Processing • We could be adversely affected if any bank sponsorship is terminated. • If NMS or its processors or bank sponsors fail to adhere to the standards of the Visa® and Mastercard® bankcard associations, its registrations with these associations could be terminated and it could be required to stop providing payment processing services for Visa® and Mastercard®. • On occasion, NMS experiences increases in interchange and sponsorship fees. If it cannot pass along these increases to its merchants, its profit margins will be reduced. • NMS is liable if its processing merchants refuse or cannot reimburse charge-backs resolved in favor of their customers. • NMS has potential liability for customer or merchant fraud. • NMS and others in the payment processing industry have come under increasing pressures from various regulatory agencies seeking to use the leverage of the payment processing business to limit or modify the practices of merchants which could lead to increased costs. • Increased regulatory focus on the payments industry may result in costly new compliance burdens on NMS’ clients and on NMS itself, leading to increased costs and decreased payments volume and revenues. Risks Related to Newtek Bank • If the credit loss forecasting and scoring models we use contain errors, do not adequately assess risk, or are otherwise ineffective, our reputation and relationships with customers could be harmed, our market share could decline and the value of loans held on our balance sheet may be adversely affected. • If collection efforts on delinquent loans are ineffective or unsuccessful, the return on investment for investors in those loans would be adversely affected and investors may not find investing through our marketplace bank desirable. 38 Table of Contents Risks Related to Payroll Processing • Newtek Payroll and Benefit Solutions (“PMT”) is subject to risks surrounding Automated Clearing House (“ACH”) payments. • PMT could incur unreimbursed costs or damages due to delays in processing inherent in the banking system. Risks Related to our Capco Business • The Capco programs and the tax credits they provided were created by state legislation and implemented through regulation, and such laws and rules are subject to possible action to repeal or retroactively revise the programs for political, economic or other reasons. Such an attempted repeal or revision would create substantial difficulty for the Capco programs and could, if ultimately successful, cause us material financial harm. • Because our Capcos are subject to requirements under state law, a failure of any of them to meet these requirements could subject the Capco and our shareholders to the loss of one or more Capcos. Risks Related to our Securities • Future issuances of our common stock or other securities, including preferred shares, may dilute the per share book value of our common stock or have other adverse consequences to our common shareholders. • The authorization and issuance of “blank check” preferred shares could have an anti-takeover effect detrimental to the interests of our shareholders. • Our business and operation could be negatively affected if we become subject to any securities litigation or shareholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of investment strategy and impact our stock price. • Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and of our charter and bylaws could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Data and Our Intellectual Property • We and our third party IT servicer could be adversely affected by information security breaches or cyber security attacks. • The failure in cyber-security systems, as well as the occurrence of events unanticipated in our disaster recovery systems and management continuity planning could impair our ability to conduct business effectively. • We and our subsidiaries are subject to risks associated with “phishing” and other cyber-attack. • The impact of cyber-attacks suffered by third parties. • The collection, storage and use of personal data. • Protecting our intellectual property rights, including our patents and trademarks; • The development and our use of artificial intelligence (“AI”). • Technological advances such as AI that may enable malicious actors to develop more advanced social engineering attacks, including targeted phishing attacks. General Risk Factors • Our common stock price may be volatile and may decrease substantially. • We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results. • We cannot predict how new tax legislation will affect us, our investments, or our stockholders, and any such legislation could adversely affect our business. • We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. • The effect of global climate change may impact our operations and the operations of our subsidiaries and clients. 39 Table of Contents RISKS RELATED TO OPERATION AS A FINANCIAL HOLDING COMPANY The banking industry is highly regulated, and the regulatory framework, together with any future legislative or regulatory changes, may have a significant adverse effect on our operations. The banking industry is extensively regulated and supervised under both federal and state laws and regulations that are intended primarily for the protection of depositors, customers, federal deposit insurance funds, and the banking system as a whole, not for the protection of security holders. We are subject to regulation and supervision by the FDIC, OCC and Federal Reserve. The laws and regulations applicable to us govern a variety of matters, including permissible types, amounts, and terms of loans and investments we may make, the maximum interest rate that may be charged, the amount of reserves we must hold against deposits we take, the types of deposits we may accept, maintenance of adequate capital and liquidity, changes in the control of Newtek Bank and us, restrictions on dividends, and establishment of new offices. We must obtain approval from our regulators before engaging in certain activities or acquisitions, and there is the risk that such approvals may not be obtained, either in a timely manner or at all. Our regulators also have the ability to compel us to take, or restrict us from taking, certain actions entirely, such as actions that our regulators deem to constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. Our failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, or regulatory policies and interpretations of such laws and regulations, could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties, or damage to our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Federal and state banking laws and regulations, as well as interpretations and implementations of these laws and regulations, are continually undergoing substantial review and change. Financial institutions generally have also been subject to increased scrutiny from regulatory authorities. These changes and increased scrutiny have resulted and may continue to result in increased costs of doing business and may in the future result in decreased revenues and net income, reduce our ability to effectively compete to attract and retain customers, or make it less attractive for us to continue providing certain products and services. Any future changes in federal and state law and regulations, as well as the interpretations and implementations, or modifications or repeals, of such laws and regulations, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, including those listed above or other ways that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our inability to remain in compliance with regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our operations in that market and on our reputation generally. No assurance can be given that applicable laws or regulations will not be amended or construed differently or that new laws and regulations will not be adopted, either of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and the Bank Secrecy Act, or the BSA, require financial institutions to design and implement programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money laundering and terrorist activities. Federal and state bank regulators also have focused on compliance with Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering regulations. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines or sanctions, including restrictions on conducting acquisitions or expanding activities. During the last several years, several banking institutions have received large fines for non-compliance with these laws and regulations. Although we have policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with the BSA and other anti-money laundering laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that such policies or procedures will work effectively all of the time or protect us against liability for actions taken by our employees, agents, and intermediaries with respect to our business or any businesses that we may acquire. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Changes in laws, regulations, or policies may adversely affect our business. We are unable to predict all of the ways in which any change in the regulatory environment could impact our anticipated business models or objectives. The laws and regulations governing lending, servicing, and debt collection activities or the regulatory or enforcement environment at the federal level or in any of the states in which we anticipate operating may change at any time which may have an adverse effect on our current or anticipated business. 40 Table of Contents The level of regulatory scrutiny may also fluctuate over time based on numerous factors, including changes in the U.S. presidential administrations or one or both houses of Congress and public sentiment regarding financial institutions (which can be influenced by scandals and other incidents that involve participants in the industry). Recent political developments, including the current U.S. presidential administration, have added additional uncertainty with respect to new laws or regulations or changes in the interpretations or enforcement of existing laws or regulations, including potential deregulation in some areas. We are unable to predict the form or nature of any future changes to the laws, rules, regulations, or supervisory guidance and policies, including the interpretation or implementation thereof. Changes in laws and regulations may increase our operating costs or reduce our revenues, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer, alter the investments we may make, affect the way we conduct our business and operations, increase our litigation and regulatory costs, and enhance the ability of others to offer more competitive financial services and products. We continue to devote substantial time and resources to risk management, compliance, regulatory-change management, cybersecurity and other technology initiatives, each of which—whether successful or not—also may adversely affect our ability to operate profitably or to pursue advantageous business opportunities. Our inability to comply with regulatory requirements in a particular jurisdiction could have a material adverse effect on our anticipated operations in that market and on our reputation generally. No assurance can be given that applicable laws or regulations will not be amended or construed differently or that new laws and regulations will not be adopted, either of which could materially adversely affect our anticipated business. We are subject to extensive regulation and supervision as a financial holding company, which may adversely affect our business. Upon becoming a financial holding company, we became subject to a wide range of statutory and regulatory restrictions and requirements that will affect many aspects of our business, including our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy and growth. We may be required to restructure, terminate or divest certain of our businesses to comply with applicable requirements, which may impose additional costs and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Failure to comply with laws, regulations, policies or other regulatory guidance could result in civil or criminal sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil monetary penalties and damage to our reputation. In addition, we will be required to serve as a “source of strength” to Newtek Bank. We may be adversely affected by increased governmental and regulatory scrutiny or negative publicity. Political and public sentiment regarding financial institutions has in the past resulted and may in the future result in a significant amount of adverse press coverage, as well as adverse statements or charges by regulators or other government officials. Press coverage and other public statements that assert some form of wrongdoing (including, in some cases, press coverage and public statements that do not directly involve us) often result in some type of investigation by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in lawsuits. Adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny and legal and enforcement proceedings can also have a negative impact on our reputation and on the morale and performance of our employees, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. The financial services industry generally has been subject to negative publicity. Our reputation and business may be adversely affected by negative publicity or information regarding our business and personnel, whether or not accurate or true, that may be posted on social media or other internet forums or published by news organizations. Postings on these types of forums may also adversely impact risk positions of our clients and other parties that owe us money, securities or other assets and increase the chance that they will not perform their obligations to us or reduce the revenues we receive from their use of our services. The speed and pervasiveness with which information can be disseminated through these channels, in particular social media, may magnify risks relating to negative publicity. The rapid dissemination of negative information through social media, in part, is believed to have led to the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank and First Republic Bank. These banks suffered a level of deposit withdrawals within a time period not previously experienced by a financial institution. We could also be subject to rapid deposit withdrawals or other outflows as a result of negative social media posts or other negative publicity. 41 Table of Contents Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or commitments, or to satisfy our regulators’ supervisory expectations, could subject us to, among other things, supervisory or enforcement action, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we do not comply with applicable laws, regulations or commitments, if we are deemed to have engaged in unsafe or unsound conduct, or if we do not satisfy our regulators’ supervisory expectations, then we may be subject to increased scrutiny, supervisory criticism, governmental or private litigation and/or a wide range of potential monetary penalties or consequences, enforcement actions, criminal liability and/or reputational harm. Such actions could be public or of a confidential nature, and arise even if we are acting in good faith or operating under a reasonable interpretation of the law and could include, for example, monetary penalties, payment of damages or other monetary relief, restitution or disgorgement of profits, directives to take remedial action or to cease or modify practices, restrictions on growth or expansionary proposals, denial or refusal to accept applications, removal of officers or directors, prohibition on dividends or capital distributions (both from Newtek Bank to its parent, NewtekOne, and/or from NewtekOne to its stockholders), increases in capital or liquidity requirements and/or termination of Newtek Bank’s deposit insurance. Additionally, compliance with applicable laws, regulations and commitments requires significant investment of management attention and resources. Any failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or commitments could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Federal law may discourage certain acquisitions of our common stock which could have a material adverse effect on our shareholders. Federal law may make it more difficult for someone to acquire our common stock in certain circumstances. Under federal law and subject to certain exemptions, a person, entity or group must notify the federal banking agencies before acquiring control of a bank holding company. An acquisition of 10% or more of any class of voting stock of a bank holding company generally creates a rebuttable presumption that the acquirer will “control” the bank holding company. In addition, a bank holding company must obtain the prior approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System before, among other things, acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 percent of the voting shares of any bank or bank holding company. These provisions could delay or prevent a third party from acquiring us, despite the possible benefit to our shareholders, or otherwise adversely affect the market price of our common stock. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, we will not be able to successfully execute our business strategy. Certain of our subsidiaries rely on Rule 3a-7 under the 1940 Act to exclude their securitization activities from their meeting the definition of an “investment company” under the 1940 Act. Additionally, the Company has determined that, after withdrawing its election to be treated as a business development company, it is not an “investment company” because it neither holds more than 40% of its assets in “investment securities,” nor is it primarily engaged in, or holding itself out as being primarily engaged in, the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. As a part of its determination, the Company has determined that certain of the loans held by its subsidiaries are neither securities nor “investment securities” under the 1940 Act. However, the staff of the SEC may disagree with our conclusions that (i) loans held by us and our subsidiaries are not securities as defined in the Act and that (ii) the Company did not meet the definition of an investment company under section 3 of the 1940 Act subsequent to our withdrawal of the election to be regulated as a BDC. If the SEC or a court determines that one or more of our subsidiaries’ activities cause us to fall within the definition of an “investment company,” and if no exemption is available, we could be required to register under the 1940 Act. Compliance with the 1940 Act, as a registered investment company, would require us to significantly alter our business and could impair our ability to operate as financial holding company, with potential adverse impacts on our business, and, thus, our shareholders. 42 Table of Contents RISKS RELATED TO THE ECONOMY Global economic, political, social and market conditions, including uncertainty about the financial stability of the United States could have a significant adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition The current worldwide financial markets situation, as well as various social, political, economic and other conditions and events (including political tensions in the United States and around the world, wars and other forms of conflict, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such as natural disasters, epidemics and pandemics) may create uncertainty and have significant impacts on issuers, industries, governments and other systems, including the financial markets, to which companies and their investments are exposed. As global systems, economies and financial markets are increasingly interconnected, events that once had only local impact are now more likely to have regional or even global effects. Events that occur in one country, region or financial market will, more frequently, adversely impact issuers in other countries, regions or markets, including in established markets such as the United States. These impacts can be exacerbated by failures of governments and societies to adequately respond to an emerging event or threat. The U.S. economy has been undergoing a period of change and significant uncertainty. A number of factors have been causing this change and uncertainty, including changing inflation and interest rates, evolving government policies and changing U.S. consumer spending patterns. Our business is sensitive to and may be adversely impacted by uncertainty with respect to changes in the inflation and interest rate environment. Among other things, as inflation and interest rates increase existing borrowers may negatively, thereby potentially increasing their risk of default by reducing their ability to make loan payments, which may lead to us taking additional provision for credit losses; the rates at which we offer on our deposit products may be elevated to achieve desired levels of deposits and thereby increase our cost of funding; and the returns our loans generate may be lower. Uncertainty can result in or coincide with, among other things: increased volatility in the financial markets for securities, derivatives, loans, credit and currency; a decrease in the reliability of market prices and difficulty in valuing assets; greater fluctuations in spreads on debt investments and currency exchange rates; increased risk of default (by both government and private obligors and issuers); further social, economic, and political instability; nationalization of private enterprise; greater governmental involvement in the economy or in social factors that impact the economy; changes to governmental regulation and supervision of the loan, securities, derivatives and currency markets and market participants and decreased or revised monitoring of such markets by governments or self-regulatory organizations and reduced enforcement of regulations; limitations on the activities of investors in such markets; controls or restrictions on foreign investment, capital controls and limitations on repatriation of invested capital; the significant loss of liquidity and the inability to purchase, sell and otherwise fund investments or settle transactions (including, but not limited to, a market freeze); unavailability of currency hedging techniques; substantial, and in some periods extremely high rates of inflation, which can last many years and have substantial negative effects on credit and securities markets as well as the economy as a whole; recessions; and difficulties in obtaining and/or enforcing legal judgments. In addition, the conflicts in the Middle East and the war between Russia and Ukraine, and resulting market volatility, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The ongoing conflicts has negatively affected the global economy and business activity and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. The severity and duration of conflicts and their impact on global economic and market conditions are impossible to predict. In 2024, numerous elections were held globally, including the recent U.S. presidential election. The outcomes of the elections could result in changes in policy, which could have adverse effects on us or the business environment in which we operate more generally. For example, the current U.S. presidential administration has imposed or increased tariffs, including on imports from China, and proposed imposing or increasing tariffs on U.S. trading partners, which could adversely affect markets, the business environment and our business. Any of the above factors, including sanctions, export controls, tariffs, trade wars and other governmental actions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common shares and/or debt securities to decline. We monitor developments and seek to manage our investments in a manner consistent with achieving our investment objective, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing so. 43 Table of Contents Any public health emergency, or the threat thereof, and the resulting financial and economic market uncertainty could have a significant adverse impact on us and the fair value of our investments, our subsidiaries and our clients. The extent of the impact of any public health emergency, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, on our operational and financial performance will depend on many factors, including the duration and scope of such public health emergency, the actions taken by governmental authorities to contain its financial and economic impact, the extent of any related travel advisories and restrictions implemented, the impact of such public health emergency on overall supply and demand, goods and services, investor liquidity, consumer confidence and levels of economic activity and the extent of its disruption to important global, regional and local supply chains and economic markets, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. In addition, our operations may be significantly impacted, or even temporarily or permanently halted, as a result of government quarantine measures, voluntary and precautionary restrictions on travel or meetings and other factors related to a public health emergency, including its potential adverse impact on the health of any of our personnel. This could create widespread business continuity issues for us. A number of factors related to a public health emergency impacting us or our borrowers, customers or business partners could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition, including but not limited to: • increases in loan delinquencies, losses and charge-offs; • increases in borrowers seeking and being granted deferments of principal and interest payments; • collateral for loans, including real estate, may decline in value, which could cause loan losses to increase; • demand for our business products and solutions may decline, making it difficult to grow or maintain our assets and income; • net worth and liquidity of the guarantors on our loans may decline, which could cause loan losses to increase; • our risk management policies and practices may be negatively impacted by, among other things, changes in the SBA 7(a) Program, including changes to SBA rules, regulations and SBA standard operating procedures; • increases in cyber risk as criminals may take advantage of the changes of business practices necessitated by a public health emergency. If the economy is unable to substantially reopen or remain open after a public health emergency, and high levels of unemployment continue for an extended period of time, loan delinquencies, loan non-accruals, problem assets, and bankruptcies may increase. In addition, collateral for our loans may decline in value, which could cause loan losses to increase and the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors could decline, impairing their ability to honor commitments to us. An increase in loan delinquencies and non-accruals or a decrease in loan collateral and guarantor net worth could result in increased costs and reduced income which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Any public health emergency, pandemic or any outbreak of other existing or new epidemic diseases, or the threat thereof, and the resulting financial and economic market uncertainty could have a significant adverse impact on us. Economic recessions or downturns could impair our clients and our operating results. Many of our clients may be susceptible to economic slowdowns, a prolonged period of high interest rates or recessions and may be unable to repay our debt investments during these periods. In the past, instability in the global capital markets resulted in disruptions in liquidity in the debt capital markets, significant write-offs in the financial services sector, the re-pricing of credit risk in the broadly syndicated credit market and the failure of major domestic and international financial institutions. In particular, in past periods of instability, the financial services sector was negatively impacted by significant write-offs as the value of the assets held by financial firms declined, impairing their capital positions and abilities to lend and invest. In an economic downturn or a prolonged period of high interest rates, we may have non-performing assets or non-performing assets may increase, and the value of our portfolio is likely to decrease during these periods. Adverse economic conditions may also decrease the value of any collateral securing our loans. A severe recession may further decrease the value of such collateral and result in losses of value in our portfolio and a decrease in our revenues, net income, assets and net worth. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us on terms we deem acceptable. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. 44 Table of Contents The occurrence of recessionary conditions and/or negative developments in the domestic and international credit markets may significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the value of our investments, and our ongoing operations, costs and profitability. Any such unfavorable economic conditions, including rising interest rates or a prolonged period of high interest rates, may also increase our funding costs, limit our access to capital markets or negatively impact our ability to obtain financing, particularly from the debt markets. In addition, any future financial market uncertainty could lead to financial market disruptions and could further impact our ability to obtain financing. These events could limit our investment originations, limit our ability to grow and negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. Inflation and changes in interest rates may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Recent inflationary pressures have increased the costs of capital, labor, energy and raw materials and have adversely affected consumer spending, economic growth and our clients’ operations. Certain of our clients may be in industries that have been, or are expected to be, impacted by inflation. If such clients are unable to pass any increases in their costs along to their customers, it could adversely affect their results and impact their ability to pay interest and principal on our loans. In addition, any projected future decreases in our clients’ operating results due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any deterioration in the quality of our assets could result in future unrealized losses and require increased loan loss reserves and therefore negatively impact our financial condition or results of operations. A meaningful rise in inflation during 2021 and through 2022 prompted the Federal Reserve to sharply increase the federal funds rate during 2022 and 2023 before it decreased the rate at the end of 2024 and throughout 2025. The Federal Reserve may further raise or lower interest rates in response to economic conditions, particularly inflationary pressures and unemployment statistics. Future changes to the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy and the timing of them are not certain. Our earnings depend substantially on our interest rate spread, which is the difference between (i) the rates Newtek Bank earns on loans, securities and other earning assets and (ii) the interest rates Newtek Bank pays on deposits and other borrowings, and its costs of capital. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors, some of which are beyond our control (e.g., general economic conditions, geopolitical events, competition for loans and deposits, and the policies of various governmental and regulatory authorities) and others of which we can influence over time (e.g. the amounts and mix of fixed and variable assets and liabilities and related durations). We are increasingly exposed to varying levels and types of basis risk (e.g., Prime based assets partially funded with SOFR- and/or US Treasury-based liabilities). In periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net interest margin. Further, rising interest rates could also adversely affect our performance if we hold loans with floating interest rates, subject to specified minimum interest rates, while at the same time engaging in borrowings subject to floating interest rates not subject to such minimums. In such a scenario, rising interest rates may increase our interest expense, even though our interest income is not increasing in a corresponding manner as a result of such minimum interest rates. Rising interest rates could also cause clients to shift cash from other productive uses to the payment of interest, which may have a material adverse effect on their business and operations and could, over time, lead to increased defaults. In addition, rising interest rates may increase pressure on us to provide fixed rate loans, which could adversely affect our net interest margin, as increases in our cost of borrowed funds would not be accompanied by increased interest income from such fixed-rate loans. Also, an increase in interest rates available to investors could make an investment in our common stock less attractive if we are not able to increase our dividend rate, which could reduce the value of our common stock. If the shape of the yield curve continues to twist towards an upward sloping yield curve, our net interest margin could be negatively impacted. Refer to “Item 7, Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Results” and “Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative D