ITEM 1. BUSINESS. We are a financial holding company subject to the regulation and supervision of the Federal Reserve and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta that, together with our consolidated subsidiaries, provides a wide range of business and financial solutions under the Newtek ® and NewtekOne ® brands to the independent business owner (SMB) market. Prior to January 6, 2023 when we acquired Newtek Bank and converted to a financial holding company, we operated as an internally managed non-diversified closed-end management investment company that was regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act, and was treated as a RIC under the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See “Executive Overview - Conversion to a Financial Holding Company. ” In addition to our bank subsidiary, Newtek Bank and its consolidated subsidiary, SBL, the following are our consolidated non-bank direct and indirect subsidiaries: Newtek Small Business Finance, LLC (NSBF); Newtek Business Services Holdco 6, Inc. d/b/a Newtek ALP Holdings (NALH); Newtek Merchant Solutions, LLC (NMS) and its subsidiary Mobil Money, LLC; CDS Business Services, Inc. d/b/a Newtek Business Credit Solutions (NBC); PMTWorks Payroll, LLC d/b/a Newtek Payroll and Benefits Solutions (PMT); Newtek Insurance Agency, LLC (NIA); Titanium Asset Management LLC (TAM); and POS on Cloud, LLC, d/b/a Newtek Payment Systems (POS). NewtekOne is a Technology Enabled Financial Holding Company Offering Business and Financials Solutions to its Client Base of Independent Business Owners NewTracker ® NewTracker is our primary tool for acquiring business referrals without traditional bankers, bank branches, brokers or business development officers. We have an established and reliable platform that is not limited by client size, industry type, or location. As a result, we believe we have a strong and diversified client base across the United States and across a variety of different industries. In addition, we have developed a financial and technology based business model that enables us to acquire and process our independent business owner (SMB) clients in a cost effective manner. This capability is supported in large part by NewTracker®, our patented prospect management technology software, which is similar to, but we believe better suited for our needs than, the system popularized by Salesforce.com and similar providers. In 2003, we began instituting and developing our strategy of acquiring clients primarily through a network of alliance-based relationships and managing customer inquiry through our patented NewTracker system. Our network includes hundreds of alliance partners who have entered into Referral Promotion Agreements or BizExec Agreements. Under these arrangements, the alliance partners are eligible for a referral fee when their referral leads to the creation of a new account. This account may encompass, but is not limited to, services such as loans, merchant processing accounts, payroll solutions, insurance policies or bank accounts. Through our NewTracker platform, we have historically received hundreds of unique referrals a day from alliance partners which include large commercial banks, community banks, credit unions, trade associations, accounting firms, law firms, and small business client aggregators. We process these referrals using non-traditional bankers that we refer to as Business Service Specialists (BSS). By utilizing NewTracker, we provide complete transparency to our alliance partners who can track and view the processing of their referral through the close of the transaction, whether it is a loan, the opening of a merchant processing account or payroll account, or an insurance policy. In addition, we leverage software and artificial intelligence (“AI”) to extract, process and exchange information from borrowers and businesses in need of a business or financial solution. In addition, our strategy and platform for client acquisition without the expense of bank branches, traditional bankers, brokers, or business development officers, enables Newtek Bank to operate at efficiency ratios that are typically and traditionally lower than Newtek Bank’s competitors in the banking industry. Our platform also allows us to track the efficiency of our staff by analyzing, among other things, customer connect rates, close rates, and the number of transactions that each BSS can process with a client daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly. 8 Table of Contents Additionally, through NewTracker we maintain a database of what products have been offered to potential clients even if a deal is not closed. That information allows us to revisit that referral over the course of time and continue to solicit business targeting independent business owners as we continue to develop what we view as new best in class business and financial solutions. We regularly contact current and prospective clients in our database through email, videos and outbound calling efforts. By connecting with clients in our database regularly and consistently, on camera and with educational videos, webinars, and podcasts, we believe we have developed an efficient way to grow our sales and marketing plan and improve Newtek ® and NewtekOne (R) brands awareness and recognition. Newtek Advantage ® In addition, we offer the Newtek Advantage ® (patent pending), the One Dashboard for All of Your Business Needs ® , which we believe is a differentiating business tool that business owners can use in one or more areas of their core business operations. For example, the Newtek Advantage provides independent business owners with instant access to a team of NewtekOne business and financial solutions experts, who are available on camera 24/7/365 (with the ability to share videos, presentations, and analytical data), in the areas of Business Lending, Electronic Payment Processing, personal and commercial lines Insurance Services and Payroll and Benefits Solutions. Moreover, the Newtek Advantage provides our independent business owner clients with analytics on their businesses, as well as transactional capabilities, including free unlimited document storage, free real-time updated traffic analytics, free real-time credit card processing and chargeback batch information for merchant solutions clients and the ability for our Newtek Payroll (PMT) clients to make payroll directly from the Newtek Advantage business portal. In addition, the Newtek Advantage integrates with Intuit QuickBooks®, providing independent business owners with a real-time snapshot into their finances. We believe the Newtek Advantage can, among other things, enable Newtek Bank to grow core business transactional deposits, and provide our existing and new clients with an “advantage” in successfully running their businesses. We believe that our NewTracker and Newtek Advantage technological innovations support our business strategy of being a true technology enabled financial holding company, without branches, traditional bankers, brokers or business development officers. We believe that our technology and business platform distinguishes us from our competitors. NewtekOne’s Business and Financial Solutions Ecosystem NewtekOne and its subsidiaries provide independent business owners with the following Newtek® branded business and financial solutions: Newtek Banking, Newtek Lending, Newtek Payments, Newtek Insurance and Newtek Payroll. In addition, since the divestiture of NTS to IPM, we offer our clients the Technology Solutions (Cloud Computing, Data Backup, Storage and Retrieval, IT Consulting and Web Services) provided by Intelligent Protection Management Corp. (IPM.com) (formerly known as NTS). Newtek Banking We have centralized our Newtek Lending Platform within Newtek Bank, our commercial bank, except for our ALP lending business, discussed herein. Newtek Bank originates, services and sells SBA 7(a) loans in a similar manner to NSBF’s historic business model and originates and services SBA 504 loans, C&I loans (including ABL), and owner occupied CRE and investor CRE loans. Prior to the Acquisition of Newtek Bank in 2023, our SBA 7(a) lending operations were conducted by NSBF, our SBA licensed non-bank lender. Following the acquisition of Newtek Bank, all SBA 7(a) loan originations were transitioned to Newtek Bank in April 2023, and NSBF ceased originations of SBA 7(a) loans. To that end, on April 13, 2023, the Company, NSBF and the SBA entered into an agreement to, among other things, transition NSBF’s SBA 7(a) pipeline of new loans to Newtek Bank and wind-down NSBF’s operations (the "Wind-down Agreement"). NSBF is in the process of winding-down its operations and will continue to own the SBA 7(a) loans currently in its loan portfolio to maturity, liquidation, charge-off or (subject to SBA’s prior written approval) sale or transfer. Newtek Bank’s subsidiary SBL now services and liquidates NSBF’s SBA loan portfolio, including processing forgiveness, pursuant to an SBA approved lender service provider agreement. In addition, during the wind-down process, NSBF is subject to minimum capital requirements established by the SBA, is required to continue to maintain certain amounts of restricted cash available to meet any obligations to the SBA, has restrictions on its ability to make dividends and distributions to the Company, and remains liable to the SBA for post-purchase denials and repairs on the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans previously originated and sold by NSBF. The Company has guaranteed NSBF’s obligations to the SBA and has funded a $10.0 million account to secure these potential obligations. Newtek Bank also offers depository services and solutions. Newtek Bank’s commercial banking clients can take advantage of our full offerings of business and financial solutions via the Newtek Advantage business portal. 9 Table of Contents Newtek Bank's Business and Financial Solutions Include: SBA 7(a) Lending Newtek Bank’s Lending platform, which generates a material portion of our revenues, includes loans originated under the SBA 7(a) Program, i.e., SBA 7(a) loans. The SBA is an independent government agency that facilitates one of the nation’s largest sources of financing to independent business owners of SMBs by providing credit guarantees for its loan programs. SBA 7(a) loans are partially guaranteed by the SBA, with SBA guarantees typically ranging between 50% and 90% of the principal and interest due on SBA 7(a) loans. Under the SBA 7(a) Program, a bank, such as Newtek Bank, or a nonbank lender licensed by the SBA, such as NSBF, underwrites a loan between $2,500 and $5.0 million for a variety of general business purposes based on the SBA’s loan program requirements. Receipts of principal and interest (and in situations involving default recoveries and expenses) on a SBA 7(a) loan are shared pari passu between the SBA and the lender, which substantially can reduce the loss severity on the unguaranteed portion of a loan held by the originators of SBA 7(a) loans. SBA 7(a) loans are typically between ten and 25 years in maturity and bear interest at the prime rate plus a spread from 3.00% to 6.50%. The Company estimates the duration of these loans to be between four and five years. Since the guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans carry the full faith and credit of the U.S. government, lenders may, and frequently do, sell the guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans (subject to certain conditions) in the capital markets, hold the unguaranteed portion and retain all loan servicing rights. From 2012 through December 31, 2022, our subsidiary NSBF, was consistently the largest non-bank SBA 7(a) lender in the U.S. based on dollar volume of loan approvals. Newtek Bank received PLP status in April 2023, a designation whereby the SBA authorizes the most experienced SBA lenders to place SBA guarantees on loans without seeking prior SBA review and approval. PLP status has allowed Newtek Bank (and historically NSBF) to serve our clients in an expedited manner since we are not required to present applications to the SBA for concurrent review and approval. All new SBA 7(a) loan originations were transitioned to Newtek Bank in April 2023. As of February 10, 2026, Newtek Bank was the third largest SBA 7(a) lender in the U.S. by dollar loan approval volume, approving over $355 million of SBA 7(a) during the SBA’s fiscal year 2026, which began on October 1, 2025, according to SBA.gov statistics. NewtekOne has a dedicated Senior Lending Team (as defined below) that supports Newtek Bank’s origination and servicing of SBA 7(a) loans to qualifying independent business owners. Our SBA 7(a) business model is to originate SBA 7(a) loans, sell the guaranteed portions of the SBA 7(a) loans, typically within 180 days of origination, and retain the unguaranteed portions. Historically, NSBF would accumulate sufficient unguaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans for securitization. In a securitization, the unguaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans are transferred to a special purpose vehicle (a “Trust”), which in turn issues and sells notes against the Trust’s assets in private placements. The Trust’s primary source of income for repaying the securitization notes is the cash flows generated from the unguaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans owned by the Trust. Principal on the securitization notes is paid by cash flows in excess of that needed to pay various fees related to the operation of the Trust and interest on the debt. Securitization notes have an expected maturity of approximately five years, and the Trust is dissolved when the securitization notes are paid in full, either at or prior to maturity. NSBF completed eleven (11) securitizations with Standard & Poor’s AA or A ratings and advance rates as high as 83.5% of par value. NSBF’s last securitization occurred in June 2023, when it sold (and we increased our secured borrowings by) $103.9 million of Unguaranteed SBA 7(a) Loan-Backed Notes, Series 2023-1, consisting of $84.3 million of Class A Notes and $19.6 million Class B Notes, rated “A-” and “BBB-”, respectively, by S&P Global, Inc. Newtek Bank intends to use core deposits to fund SBA 7(a) loans and does not currently plan to securitize the unguaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans it originates, but may do so in the future. In addition, Newtek Bank may determine to retain the government guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans for longer periods, pending deployment of excess capital. We believe our more than twenty years of experience as one of the largest SBA 7(a) lenders provides us with a distinct competitive advantage over other lenders that have not overcome the significant barriers-to-entry into our primary loan market. We originated $767.8 million of SBA 7(a) loans during 2025 and $943.0 million of SBA 7(a) loans during 2024. Our 2025 SBA 7(a) loan origination volume was negatively impacted by, among other things, the U.S. government shutdown during the fourth quarter of 2025 and recent changes to the SBA 7(a) Program. We believe that we will continue to be introduced to a variety of high-quality lending opportunities through our existing loan sourcing channels and our subsidiaries’ relationships with their clients. 10 Table of Contents We have a dedicated capital markets team that sells the guaranteed portions of our SBA 7(a) loans, and we retain the unguaranteed portions. Historically, we have sold SBA guaranteed portions of SBA 7(a) loans at premiums. See MD&A “Net Gains on Sales of Loans.” Any portion of the premium that is above 110% of par value is shared equally between us and the SBA. However, there is no guarantee that Newtek Bank will be able to continue to earn premiums within our historical range, or will be able to maintain PLP status. See “