Item 1A. Risk Factors The statements in this section describe the most significant risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operation and the trading price of our debt or equity securities. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. Readers should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. In addition, this section sets forth statements which constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words, terms or expressions such as “estimates,” "confident," "continue," "hope," "likely," "might," "possible," "potential," "trend," “anticipates,” “predicts,” “projects,” “plans,” “expects,” “intends,” “targets,” “forecasts,” “believes,” “seeks,” “could,” “should,” “may,” "strategy," and "objective” or the negative versions thereof and similar words, terms and expressions and by the context in which they are used. Such statements are based upon current expectations of Cintas and speak only as of the date made. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. These statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties, potentially inaccurate assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by this Annual Report. Factors that are related to the Transaction that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, the occurrence of any event, change, or other circumstance that could give rise to the right of one or both of the parties to terminate the definitive merger agreement between Cintas and UniFirst; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Cintas or UniFirst; the possibility that the Transaction does not close when expected or at all because required regulatory, or other approvals and other conditions to closing are not received or satisfied on a timely basis or at all (and the risk that seeking or obtaining such approvals may result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the Transaction); the risk that the benefits from the Transaction may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected, including as a result of changes in, or problems arising from, general economic and market conditions, interest and exchange rates, monetary policy, trade policy (including tariff levels), laws and regulations and their enforcement, and the degree of competition in the geographic and business areas in which Cintas and UniFirst operate; any failure to promptly and effectively integrate the businesses of Cintas and UniFirst; the possibility that the Transaction may be more expensive to complete than anticipated, including as a result of unexpected factors or events; reputational risk and potential adverse reactions of Cintas' or UniFirst's customers, employees or other business partners, including those resulting from the announcement, pendency or completion of the Transaction; the dilution caused by Cintas' issuance of additional shares of its capital stock in connection with the Transaction; changes in the trading price of Cintas' or UniFirst's capital stock; and the diversion of management's attention and time to the Transaction from ongoing business operations and opportunities. Additional factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, the possibility of greater than anticipated operating costs including energy and fuel costs; lower sales volumes; loss of customers due to outsourcing trends; the performance and costs of integration of acquisitions; supply chain constraints and macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures and higher interest rates; changes in global trade policies, tariffs and other measures that could restrict international trade; fluctuations in costs of materials and labor, including increased medical costs; costs and possible effects of union organizing activities; failure to comply with government regulations concerning employment discrimination, employee pay and benefits and employee health and safety; the effect on operations of exchange rate fluctuations, and other political, economic and regulatory risks; uncertainties regarding any existing or newly-discovered expenses and liabilities related to environmental compliance and remediation; our ability to meet our aspirations relating to sustainability opportunities, improvements and efficiencies; the cost, results and ongoing assessment of internal controls over financial reporting; the effect of new accounting pronouncements; risks associated with cybersecurity threats, including disruptions caused by the inaccessibility of computer systems data and cybersecurity risk management; the initiation or outcome of litigation, investigations or other proceedings; higher assumed sourcing or distribution costs of products; the disruption of operations from catastrophic or extraordinary events including global health pandemics; the amount and timing of repurchases of our common stock, if any; changes in global tax and labor laws; and the reactions of competitors in terms of price and service. Cintas undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any forward-looking statements or to otherwise update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information or to reflect events, circumstances or any other unanticipated developments arising after the date on which such statements are made, except otherwise as required by law. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in this section and 8 elsewhere in this report and may also be described from time to time in our future reports filed with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described herein are not the only ones we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties presently not known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also harm our business. Forward-looking and other statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding our greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction plans and other sustainability aspirations are not an indication that these statements are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC. In addition, historical, current and forward-looking GHG-related and/or sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. Risks Relating to Business Strategy and Operations Negative global economic factors may adversely affect our financial performance. Negative economic conditions, in North America and our other markets, have in the past and could again in the future, adversely affect our financial performance. Higher levels of unemployment, inflation, recessionary conditions, geopolitical developments, changes in trade agreements, tax rates and other changes in tax laws and other economic factors could adversely affect the demand for Cintas' products and services. Increases in labor costs, including the cost to provide employee-partner related healthcare benefits, minimum wages, labor shortages or shortages of skilled labor, regulations regarding the classification of employees and/or their eligibility for overtime wages, higher material costs for items such as fabrics, textiles and other products used in our operations, the inability to obtain insurance coverage at cost-effective rates, higher interest rates, inflation, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws and other economic factors could increase our costs of rental uniforms and facility services, cost of other services and selling and administrative expenses. In addition, changes in U.S. and foreign trade policies, including the imposition of new tariffs, increases in existing tariffs, retaliatory trade measures, import or export restrictions, economic sanctions, customs regulations and other actions affecting international commerce, could increase the cost of raw materials, finished goods, equipment and other products sourced directly by us or indirectly through our suppliers. Such measures could also reduce the availability of products and materials, disrupt established sourcing arrangements, increase transportation and logistics costs, extend lead times and contribute to volatility in commodity and input costs. We may not be able to predict, mitigate or fully offset the impact of such measures, and competitive conditions or contractual arrangements may limit our ability to pass increased costs on to customers in a timely manner, or at all. Further, geopolitical tensions, armed conflicts, acts of terrorism, military actions and related sanctions or other governmental responses, including developments in the Middle East and other strategically important regions, may disrupt global trade routes, shipping channels, transportation networks, energy supplies and financial markets. Such events may contribute to volatility in fuel and energy prices, increase freight and distribution costs, adversely affect the operations of suppliers and other business partners, and exacerbate inflationary pressures and broader economic uncertainty. Disruptions affecting key maritime shipping routes, ports or other critical infrastructure could adversely affect the availability, timing and cost of materials and products used in our business and may require us or our suppliers to implement alternative sourcing, transportation or inventory strategies, which could increase costs and reduce operating efficiencies. As a result, these factors could adversely affect our revenue, operating margins, cash flows and consolidated results of operations. Increased competition could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. We operate in highly competitive industries and compete with national, regional and local providers. Product, design, price, quality, service and convenience to the customer are the competitive elements in these industries. If existing or future competitors seek to gain or retain market share by reducing prices, Cintas may be required to lower prices, which would adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Cintas' competitors also generally compete with Cintas for acquisition candidates, which can increase the price for acquisitions and reduce the number of available acquisition candidates. In addition, our customers and prospects may decide to perform certain services in-house instead of outsourcing these services to us. These competitive pressures could adversely affect our revenue and consolidated results of operations. An inability to open new, cost-effective operating facilities may adversely affect our expansion efforts. We plan to expand our presence in existing markets and enter new markets. The opening of new operating facilities is necessary to gain the capacity required for this expansion. Our ability to open new operating facilities depends on 9 our ability to identify attractive locations, negotiate leases or real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms, identify and obtain adequate utility and water sources and comply with environmental regulations, zoning laws and other similar factors. Any inability to effectively identify and manage these items may adversely affect our expansion efforts, and consequently, adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Risks associated with our acquisition practice could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Historically, a portion of our growth has come from acquisitions. We continue to evaluate opportunities for acquiring businesses that may supplement our internal growth. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and purchase suitable acquisitions on favorable terms or at all. We may pay substantial amounts of cash or incur debt to pay for acquisitions, which could adversely affect our liquidity. The incurrence of indebtedness also results in increased fixed obligations and increased interest expense, and could also include covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. From time to time, we have issued, and may continue to issue, equity securities to pay for acquisitions, which could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and result in dilution to our stockholders. In addition, acquisitions we announce could be viewed negatively by investors, which may adversely affect our business or our stock price. Volatility in our stock price may also negatively impact our ability to complete acquisitions on favorable terms. In addition, the success of any acquisition, including the ability to realize anticipated cost synergies, depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired company. The process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and our financial and other resources. If management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, we may not be able to realize anticipated cost synergies resulting from acquisitions and our business could suffer. Although we conduct due diligence investigations prior to each acquisition, there can be no assurance that we will discover or adequately protect against all material liabilities of an acquired business for which we may be responsible as a successor owner or operator. The failure to identify suitable acquisitions and successfully integrate these acquired businesses, or to discover liabilities associated with such businesses in the diligence process, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. We may be unable to complete the proposed acquisition of UniFirst, or, if completed, successfully integrate UniFirst’s business and realize the anticipated benefits of the Transaction, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The proposed acquisition of UniFirst is subject to risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that the Transaction will be completed on the anticipated terms, within the expected timeframe, or at all. Completion of the Transaction is subject to a number of conditions, including, among others, the receipt of required regulatory approvals, including the expiration or termination of applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act. These conditions may not be satisfied in a timely manner or at all. In addition, the merger agreement may be terminated under specified circumstances, including if the transaction is not consummated by the applicable outside date set forth in the Merger Agreement. If the Transaction is not completed, we would not realize any of the anticipated strategic, operational or financial benefits of the acquisition and could be subject to a number of risks and costs, including a decline in the market price of our common stock to the extent that the current market price reflects expectations that the Transaction will be completed; significant transaction-related expenses, including legal, accounting, financial advisory, financing and other professional fees, whether or not the Transaction is completed; the diversion of management's time and attention from existing business operations and other strategic opportunities; potential adverse reactions from customers, suppliers, business partners, employee-partners and the financial markets; potential litigation relating to the Transaction or the failure to complete the transaction; and, under certain circumstances, the obligation to pay UniFirst a termination fee of $350.0 million. The announcement and pendency of the Transaction may also disrupt our business operations and relationships regardless of whether the Transaction is completed. Uncertainty regarding the Transaction could make it more difficult to retain and attract employees, maintain relationships with customers, suppliers and other business partners, and pursue business opportunities during the pendency of the Transaction. In addition, securities class action litigation, derivative litigation or other legal proceedings are often instituted in connection with significant merger transactions. Any such litigation, regardless of its merits, could result in substantial costs, divert management's attention and resources, and delay the completion of the Transaction. An 10 adverse judgment could result in monetary damages, and a successful claim seeking injunctive relief could prevent or materially delay the completion of the Transaction. Even if the Transaction is completed, we may not realize the anticipated benefits, cost savings, synergies, efficiencies, innovation opportunities, enhanced growth prospects or other strategic objectives expected from the Transaction within the anticipated time period or at all. The integration of UniFirst's business into our operations will be a complex, costly and time-consuming process and may result in significant challenges, including the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business operations; difficulties in retaining key management personnel and other employee-partners; challenges in retaining customers and maintaining relationships with suppliers and other business partners; difficulties in combining and coordinating geographically dispersed operations; challenges associated with consolidating corporate and administrative functions and eliminating duplicative operations; unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications, operational and financial reporting systems; previously unknown liabilities; unforeseen integration expenses; and delays in implementing integration initiatives. The anticipated benefits of the Transaction are based on a number of assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. If we are unable to successfully integrate UniFirst's business, retain employees and customers, achieve anticipated synergies and efficiencies, effectively manage an expanded organization or otherwise realize the expected benefits of the Transaction, our financial results could differ materially from our expectations. In such circumstances, the Transaction may not be accretive to earnings, may not improve our financial position, may not enhance our ability to reduce leverage, and may not generate the expected cash flows or returns on investment. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and the market price of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. In addition, the completion of the Transaction is subject to the expiration or termination of applicable waiting periods (including any extension thereof) and the receipt of certain authorizations or consents from regulatory authorities that may impose conditions that could have an adverse effect on us after the completion of the Transaction or, if not obtained, could prevent completion of the Transaction. We are subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the Transaction is pending, which could adversely affect our business and operations. In connection with the pendency of the Transaction, it is possible that some customers, suppliers and other persons with whom we have a business relationship may delay or defer certain business decisions or might decide to seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationships with us, as the case may be, as a result of the Transaction or otherwise. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, we are subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of its respective business prior to completing the Transaction. Such limitations could adversely affect our business and operations prior to the completion of the Transaction. Risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced, including greater costs associated with tariffs, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. We require all our suppliers to comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and otherwise be certified as meeting our required supplier standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the U.S. political and economic stability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial stability of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet our supplier standards, labor problems experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. In addition, U.S. and foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. We rely extensively on information technology systems, including third-party systems, to process transactions, maintain information and manage our businesses. Disruptions in the availability of any internal or external information technology systems due to implementation of a new system or otherwise, or privacy incidents involving 11 information technology systems, could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our revenue, consolidated results of operations and reputation and expose us to litigation risk. Our businesses rely on various information technology systems, including third-party systems, to provide customer information, process customer transactions and provide other general information necessary to manage our businesses. Our information technology systems are subject to damage or interruption due to cybersecurity attacks, system conversions, power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes and usage errors by our employee-partners. Although we have an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested, and we believe that we have adopted appropriate measures designed to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of our information technology systems could adversely affect our revenue, could require us to make a significant investment to fix or replace them and, therefore, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Cyber-security attacks are evolving, and cybercriminals have increasingly demonstrated advanced capabilities, such as zero-day vulnerabilities and rapid integration of new technology such as generative artificial intelligence. Cyber-security attacks may include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security incidents that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. Emerging artificial intelligence technologies may intensify these cybersecurity risks. The rapid, ongoing evolution and increased adoption of emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning may make it more difficult to anticipate and implement protective measures to recognize, detect, and prevent the occurrence of any of the cyber events. Our response to cybersecurity incidents, and our investments in our technology and our controls, processes and practices related to cybersecurity incidents and risks from cybersecurity threats, may not be sufficient to shield us from significant losses or liability. Given the increasing sophistication of bad actors and complexity of the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or disable systems, a cybersecurity incident or attack could potentially persist for an extended period of time before being detected. As a result, we may not be able to anticipate the attack or respond adequately or timely, and the extent of a particular cybersecurity incident, and the steps that we may need to take to investigate the incident, may not be immediately clear. It could take a significant amount of time before an investigation can be completed and full, reliable information about the incident becomes known. During an investigation, it is possible we may not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how to remediate it, which could further adversely impact us. In addition, new laws or regulations could result in us being required to disclose information about a material cybersecurity incident before it has been mitigated or resolved, or even fully investigated. We have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, but none of these incidents, individually or in the aggregate, have had a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. However, there can be no assurance that we will not experience material cybersecurity incidents in the future. If the network of security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms and monitoring systems to address these threats to our technology fails, or we are unable to successfully address cybersecurity incidents or the risks from cybersecurity threats, we could experience production downtimes, operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected Company, customer, or employee-partner information, destruction or corruption of data, security incidents, or other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks which could result in financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability and damage to our reputation. In addition, we rely on software applications, enterprise cloud storage systems and cloud computing services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology services, including our SAP enterprise system, payroll data, risk management data and lease data. If these third-party vendors, as well as our suppliers and other vendors, experience service interruptions or damage, security incidents, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other similar events or intrusions, our business and our consolidated results of operations may be adversely affected. Additionally, we cannot be certain that any insurance coverage will be adequate for cybersecurity liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that our insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 12 Our ability to successfully develop, implement and utilize artificial intelligence and other emerging technologies is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. We are increasingly utilizing artificial intelligence (AI), including generative AI, machine learning, automation and other emerging technologies across various aspects of our business, including customer service, sales and marketing, logistics and route optimization, supply chain management, operational processes, data analytics, software development and internal business functions. We also rely on third-party vendors, service providers and technology partners that utilize AI in products and services that support our operations. The successful deployment of these technologies depends on, among other things, our ability to identify appropriate use cases, maintain high-quality data, develop and implement effective governance and control frameworks, manage costs, protect confidential information and comply with evolving legal and regulatory requirements. The development, implementation and use of AI technologies present a number of risks. AI systems may produce inaccurate, incomplete, biased, misleading or otherwise flawed outputs, including decisions or recommendations that adversely affect our operations, customers, partners or employee-partners. Errors in AI-generated outputs may lead to operational inefficiencies, customer dissatisfaction, business disruptions, reputational harm, litigation, regulatory scrutiny or liability. In addition, our employee-partners or third parties may use AI technologies in ways that are inconsistent with our policies, contractual obligations or applicable laws. The regulatory environment governing AI is rapidly evolving in the U.S. and internationally. Existing and new laws, regulations, industry standards and governmental guidance relating to AI, data privacy, cybersecurity, intellectual property, transparency, consumer protection, employment practices and automated decision-making may increase our compliance costs, restrict our ability to develop and deploy AI solutions, require changes to our business practices or expose us to regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, penalties or litigation. Our use of AI technologies also may increase cybersecurity, privacy and data protection risks. AI systems may process large volumes of proprietary, personal, customer, supplier and employee-partner information, and failures in the design, implementation or oversight of such systems could result in the unauthorized disclosure, misuse, loss or corruption of data. Additionally, threat actors may utilize AI to develop increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks, phishing campaigns, malware, fraud schemes, social engineering techniques and other malicious activities targeting the Company, our customers, suppliers and employee-partners. Further, AI technologies raise complex intellectual property and ownership issues. We may face claims alleging that AI-generated content, models, tools or outputs infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property or proprietary rights of third parties. We may also encounter uncertainty regarding our ownership or ability to protect intellectual property created through the use of AI technologies. In addition, competitors may develop or adopt AI capabilities more rapidly or more effectively than we do, which could impair our ability to compete, improve productivity, enhance customer experiences, attract talent or achieve expected returns on technology investments. The costs of developing, acquiring, maintaining and governing AI technologies may be significant, and the expected benefits may not be realized on a timely basis or at all. If we are unable to effectively manage the risks associated with AI and other emerging technologies, including risks relating to data protection, cybersecurity, intellectual property, regulatory compliance, operational effectiveness, ethical use and reputational considerations, our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be materially adversely affected. Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could adversely affect our business and stock price. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the consolidated financial statement preparation and presentation. While we continue to evaluate our internal controls, we cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm were to discover material weaknesses in our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us to be unable to produce reliable 13 financial reports or prevent fraud. This may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price. We may experience difficulties in attracting and retaining competent personnel in key positions. Failure to preserve positive labor relationships with our employee-partners could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. We believe that a key component of our success is our corporate culture, which has been imparted by management throughout our corporate organization. Our corporate culture, along with our entire operation, depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain key employee-partners. Competitive pressures and labor shortages within and outside our industry may make it more difficult and expensive for us to attract and retain key employee-partners which could adversely affect our businesses. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employee-partners may also be adversely affected by stock price volatility. In addition, the pendency of the Transaction may cause our current and prospective employee-partners to experience uncertainty about their roles after the completion of the Transaction, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to attract, motivate or retain management personnel and other key employee-partners. We believe we have positive labor relationships with our employee-partners. However, factors such as difficulty to attract key employees, reduced employee engagement, third-party organizational efforts, scrutiny from advocacy groups and increased employee-partner turnover could adversely affect our labor relationships with our employee-partners. A failure to preserve positive labor relationships with our employee-partners could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. Unexpected events could negatively impact our business and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Unexpected events, including fires or explosions at facilities, severe weather conditions and natural disasters such as hurricanes, fires, floods, droughts and tornadoes, geopolitical conflicts, war or terrorist activities, unplanned outages, supply disruptions, failure of equipment or systems or changes in laws and/or regulations impacting our businesses, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Any of these events could result in customer disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems. In addition, negative publicity related to such unexpected events, whether warranted or not, may impact brand image perception and could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Financial Risks Our indebtedness may limit cash flow available to invest in the ongoing needs of our business. Our outstanding indebtedness along with adverse interest rate fluctuations may have negative consequences on our business, such as requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend increases, stock buybacks and other general corporate purposes, as well as increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions. In addition, it may limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future to enable us to react to changes in our business or industry or place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have less debt. In connection with the proposed Transaction, we expect to incur approximately $2.8 billion in additional indebtedness and, if incurred, would have consolidated indebtedness of approximately $5.2 billion, which is greater than our current indebtedness. Any such increase in indebtedness in comparison to our indebtedness on a historical basis may have the effect of, among other things, reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and increasing borrowing costs. In addition, any new financing arrangements that we enter into in connection with the proposed Transaction, may, under certain circumstances, impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us. Any such restrictions may affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. Changes in the fuel and energy industry could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. The price of fuel and energy needed to run our vehicles and equipment is unpredictable and fluctuates based on events outside of our control, including geopolitical developments, supply and demand fluctuations for fuel and other energy related products, actions by energy producers, war and unrest in oil producing countries, regional production patterns, limits on refining capacities, natural disasters and environmental concerns including the impact of 14 legislative and regulatory efforts to limit GHG emissions. Increases in fuel and energy costs could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. We earn revenue, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Canadian dollar. In fiscal years 2026, 2025 and 2024, revenue denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar represented less than 10% of our consolidated revenue. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenue and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies, particularly in the event of significant increases in foreign currency revenue, will impact our revenue and operating income and the value of consolidated balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. This impact could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. We may recognize impairment charges, which could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. We assess our goodwill and other intangible assets and our long-lived assets for impairment when required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). These accounting principles require that we record an impairment charge if circumstances indicate that the asset carrying values exceed their estimated fair values. The estimated fair value of these assets is impacted by, but not limited to, macroeconomic, industry and market conditions in the locations in which we operate. Deterioration in these general economic conditions may result in: declining revenue, which can lead to excess capacity and declining operating cash flow; reductions in management's estimates for future revenue and operating cash flow growth; increases in borrowing rates and other deterioration in factors that impact our weighted average cost of capital; and deteriorating real estate values. If our assessment of goodwill, other intangible assets or long-lived assets indicates an impairment of the carrying value for which we recognize an impairment charge, this may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. The effects of credit market volatility and changes in our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity and consolidated results of operations. Our operating cash flows, combined with access to the credit markets, provide us with significant discretionary funding capacity. Our access to the credit markets will depend on a variety of factors, such as prevailing economic and credit market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to our industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity and perceptions of our financial prospects. For example, in the event that the ratings of our commercial paper or our outstanding lon