Item 1. Business Overview Cintas Corporation (Cintas, Company, we, us or our), a Washington corporation, helps more than one million businesses of all types and sizes, primarily in the United States (U.S.), as well as Canada and Latin America, get READY™ to open their doors with confidence every day by providing a wide range of products and services that enhance our customers’ image and help keep their facilities and employees clean, safe and looking their best. With products and services including uniforms, mats, mops, shop towels, restroom supplies, workplace water services, first aid and safety products, automated external defibrillators (AEDs), eye-wash stations, safety training, fire extinguishers, sprinkler systems and alarm testing, Cintas helps customers get Ready for the Workday ® . Cintas was founded in 1968 by Richard T. Farmer when he left his family's industrial laundry business in order to develop uniform programs using an exclusive new fabric. In the early 1970's, Cintas acquired the family industrial laundry business. Over the years, Cintas developed additional products and services that complemented its core uniform business and broadened the scope of products and services available to its customers. Business Segments Cintas’ reportable operating segments are the Uniform Rental and Facility Services operating segment and the First Aid and Safety Services operating segment. The Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment consists of the rental and servicing of uniforms and other garments, including flame resistant clothing, mats, mops and shop towels and other ancillary items. In addition to these rental items, restroom cleaning services and supplies and the sale of items from our catalogs to our customers on route are included within this reportable operating segment. The First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment consists of first aid and safety products and services, as well as workplace water services. The remainder of Cintas’ business, which consists of the Fire Protection Services operating segment and the Uniform Direct Sale operating segment, is included in All Other. The following table sets forth Cintas' total revenue and the revenue derived from each reportable operating segment and the remaining operating segments included in All Other for the fiscal years ended May 31: (In thousands) 2026 2025 2024 Uniform Rental and Facility Services $ 8,621,624 $ 7,976,073 $ 7,465,199 First Aid and Safety Services 1,391,853 1,218,090 1,067,334 All Other 1,251,284 1,146,018 1,064,082 Total Revenue $ 11,264,761 $ 10,340,181 $ 9,596,615 Additional information regarding each reportable operating segment and All Other is also included in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," in Note 14 entitled Operating Segment Information of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements." Agreement and Plan of Merger On March 10, 2026, UniFirst Corporation (UniFirst), the Company, Bruin Merger Sub I, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Cintas (Merger Sub Inc.), and Bruin Merger Sub II, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Cintas (Merger Sub LLC) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (Merger Agreement), pursuant to which, (i) Merger Sub Inc. will merge with and into UniFirst (first merger), whereupon the separate existence of Merger Sub Inc. will cease, and UniFirst will continue as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Cintas, and (ii) immediately after the first merger, UniFirst will merge with and into Merger Sub LLC (second merger), whereupon the separate existence of UniFirst will cease, and Merger Sub LLC will continue as the surviving entity and a wholly owned subsidiary of Cintas. The transaction between Cintas and UniFirst is referred to herein as the "Transaction." In connection with the Transaction, UniFirst shareholders will receive the merger consideration, which consists of (i) $155.00 in cash and (ii) 0.7720 of validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Cintas common stock (with, if applicable, cash in lieu of fractional shares), in each case without interest and subject to any required tax withholding, and each applicable holder of such shares of UniFirst stock will cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the applicable merger consideration. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by applicable law in accordance with the Merger Agreement, waiver) of certain conditions, Cintas will acquire all the outstanding shares of UniFirst common stock in a transaction 3 valued at approximately $5.5 billion. UniFirst is a North American company in the supply and servicing of uniform and workwear programs, facility service products, as well as first aid and safety supplies and services. On June 12, 2026, UniFirst announced that at UniFirst’s Special Meeting of Shareholders, UniFirst’s shareholders voted to approve the pending acquisition by Cintas. The obligations of each of Cintas, Merger Sub Inc., Merger Sub LLC and UniFirst to complete the Transaction are subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by law) waiver by Cintas and UniFirst of the following conditions: • the shares of Cintas common stock to be issued in connection with the mergers having been approved for listing on the NASDAQ, subject to official notice of issuance; • any applicable waiting period (and any extension thereof) under the HSR Act relating to the completion of the mergers having expired or early termination thereof having been granted and any authorization or consent from a governmental authority required to be obtained with respect to the mergers under certain antitrust laws having been obtained and remaining in full force and effect; • the authorization or consent of the applicable governmental authority in respect of certain of UniFirst's permits having been obtained and remaining in full force and effect; and • no governmental authority of competent jurisdiction having issued or entered any order or promulgated or enacted any law after the date of the Merger Agreement having the effect of enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the completion of the mergers. In addition, the obligations of each of Cintas, Merger Sub Inc. and Merger Sub LLC to complete the Transaction are subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by law) waiver by Cintas of the following conditions: • accuracy as of the closing date of the representations and warranties made by UniFirst to the extent specified in the Merger Agreement; • UniFirst having performed or complied in all material respects with its obligations under the Merger Agreement required to be performed or complied with on or prior to the closing of the mergers; • since the date of the Merger Agreement, no event, circumstance, occurrence, effect, fact, development or change having occurred that had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a “material adverse effect” on UniFirst that is continuing; and In addition, the obligations of UniFirst to complete the mergers are subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by law) waiver by UniFirst of the following conditions: • accuracy as of the date of the Merger Agreement and as of the closing date of the representations and warranties made by Cintas, Merger Sub Inc. and Merger Sub LLC to the extent specified in the Merger agreement; • Cintas, Merger Sub Inc. and Merger Sub LLC having performed or complied in all material respects with each of their respective obligations required under the Merger Agreement to be performed or complied with on or prior to the closing of the mergers; • since the date of the Merger Agreement, no event, circumstance, occurrence, effect, fact, development or change having occurred that had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a “material adverse effect” on Cintas that is continuing. The Transaction has not closed as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K. We expect the Transaction to close in the second half of calendar 2026. Customers We provide our products and services to over one million businesses of all types, from small service and manufacturing companies to major corporations that employ thousands of people. This diversity in customer base results in no individual customer accounting for greater than one percent of Cintas' total revenue. As a result, the loss of one account would not have a material financial impact on Cintas. Competition The primary markets served by each of the Cintas operating segments are local in nature and highly fragmented. Cintas competes with national, regional and local providers, large national retailers and small local retailers as well as companies with a significant online presence and the level of competition varies at each of Cintas' local 4 operations. In addition, businesses may decide to perform certain services in-house instead of outsourcing these services. Product, design, price, quality, service and convenience to the customer are the competitive elements in each of our operating segments. Operations and Distribution Within the Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment, Cintas provides its products and services to customers via local delivery routes originating from rental processing plants and branches. Within the First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment and All Other, Cintas provides its products and services via its distribution network and local delivery routes or local representatives. At May 31, 2026, Cintas, in total, had approximately 12,500 local delivery routes, 484 operational facilities and 12 distribution centers. Sourcing Cintas is committed to sourcing responsibly. Cintas sources finished products from many outside suppliers. As mentioned on our website, www.cintas.com, each and every supplier must comply with a vendor code of conduct as a condition of doing business with Cintas. Cintas also conducts internal training to ensure that employee-partners who have direct responsibility for supply chain management are knowledgeable and aware of issues and concerns surrounding our supply chain. In addition to sourcing from third-party suppliers, Cintas operates five manufacturing facilities that provide for standard uniform needs. Cintas purchases fabric, used in the manufacturing of its products, from several suppliers. Cintas' ability to find qualified suppliers who meet its standards and to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is subject to ongoing market risks. For a discussion of the risks associated with sourcing that may materially impact Cintas, please see "