Item 1A. Risk Factors Summary of Risk Factors Risks Inherent in an Investment in Us Our partnership structure carries inherent risks, including but not limited to: • our cash flow will be entirely dependent upon the ability of PAA to make cash distributions to AAP, and the ability of AAP to make cash distributions to us; • the distributions AAP is entitled to receive may fluctuate, which may reduce cash distributions to our Class A shareholders; • if distributions on our Class A shares are not paid with respect to any fiscal quarter, our Class A shareholders will not be entitled to receive that quarter’s payments in the future; • the amount of cash that we and PAA distribute each quarter may limit our ability to grow; • the Class B shareholders own a significant number of shares, which may make the removal of our general partner difficult; and • Our general partner may cause us to issue additional Class A shares or other equity securities, including equity securities that are senior to our Class A shares, or cause AAP to issue additional securities, in each case without shareholder approval, which may adversely affect our shareholders. Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest Our existing organizational structure and the current and future relationships among us, PAA, our respective general partners, the Legacy Owners and affiliated entities present the potential for conflicts of interest. Risks Related to PAA’s Business PAA’s business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and unit price can be adversely affected by many factors including but not limited to: • the volume of crude oil, natural gas and NGL shipped, processed, purchased, stored, fractionated and/or gathered at or through the use of PAA’s pipelines and facilities, which can be negatively impacted by a variety of factors outside of its control; • competition in PAA’s industry, including recontracting and other risks associated with the general capacity overbuild of midstream energy infrastructure in some of the areas where PAA operates; • changes in supply and demand for the products PAA handles and the services it provides, which can be caused by a variety of factors outside of its control; • natural disasters, catastrophes, terrorist attacks (including eco-terrorist attacks), process safety failures, equipment failures or other events, including pipeline or facility accidents; • information or operations technology failures, including cybersecurity attacks, data breaches and other disruptions affecting PAA or its service providers; • risks arising from climate change, energy conservation measures, or initiatives that stimulate demand for alternative forms of energy; • societal and political pressures from various groups, including opposition to the development or operation of PAA’s pipelines and facilities; • increased concern by financial stakeholders with respect to PAA’s governance structure and the perceived social and environmental cost of PAA’s industry; • the overall forward market for crude oil and NGL, and certain market structures, the absence of pricing volatility and other market factors; • an inability to fully implement or realize expected returns or other anticipated benefits associated with acquisitions/divestitures, joint venture and joint ownership arrangements, and other projects; • entering into new businesses in connection with PAA’s strategy to participate in emerging energy opportunities; • loss of PAA’s investment grade credit rating or a significant reduction in the ability of PAA to receive open credit; 38 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • the credit risk of PAA’s customers and other counterparties it transacts with in the ordinary course of business activities; • tightened capital markets or other factors that increase PAA’s cost of capital or otherwise limit its access to capital; • the insufficiency of, or non-compliance with, PAA’s risk policies; • PAA’s insurance coverage may not fully cover its losses and it may in the future encounter increased costs related to, and lack of availability of, insurance; • trade tariffs, duties, quotas, inflation, supply disruptions or other factors affecting the commodities and materials PAA uses in its business; • pandemics, epidemics or other public health events; • PAA’s current or future debt levels, or inability to borrow additional funds or capitalize on business opportunities; • changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates; • difficulties recruiting and retaining PAA’s workforce; • an impairment of long-term assets; • significant under-utilization of certain assets due to fixed costs incurred to obtain the right to use such assets; • the cost to repair and maintain PAA’s assets; • PAA does not own all of the land on which its pipelines and facilities are located, which could result in disruptions to its operations; and • the pace of development of natural gas infrastructure could have an adverse impact on expected crude oil production growth in the Permian Basin. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations Impacting PAA’s Business PAA’s business may be adversely impacted by existing or new laws, executive orders and regulations relating to protection of the environment and wildlife, operational safety, cross-border import/export and tax matters, financial and hedging activities, climate change and related matters. Risks Inherent in an Investment in PAA PAA’s partnership structure carries inherent risks, including but not limited to: • cost reimbursements due to PAA’s general partner may be substantial and will reduce PAA’s cash available for distribution to its unitholders; • cash distributions are not guaranteed and may fluctuate with PAA’s performance and the establishment of financial reserves; and • PAA’s preferred units have rights, preferences and privileges that are not the same as, and are preferential to, the rights of holders of PAA’s common units. Tax Risks Our shares are subject to tax risks, which may adversely impact the value of or market for our shares and may reduce our cash available for distribution or debt service, including but not limited to: • the tax treatment of PAA depends on its status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and not being subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation. The cash available for distribution to us from PAA may be substantially reduced if PAA were to become subject to entity-level taxation as a result of the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) treating PAA as a corporation or legislative, judicial or administrative changes, and may also be reduced by any audit adjustments if imposed directly on PAA. Additionally, the treatment of PAA as a corporation would increase the portion of our distributions treated as taxable dividends; and • our current tax treatment may change, which could affect the value of our Class A shares or reduce our cash available for distribution, and any decrease in our Class A share price could adversely affect our amount of cash available for distribution. 39 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Risks Inherent in an Investment in Us Our cash flow will be entirely dependent upon the ability of PAA to make cash distributions to AAP, and the ability of AAP to make cash distributions to us. The source of our earnings and cash flow currently consists exclusively of cash distributions from AAP, which currently consist exclusively of cash distributions from PAA. The amount of cash that PAA will be able to distribute to its partners, including AAP, each quarter principally depends upon the amount of cash it generates from its business. For a description of certain factors that can cause fluctuations in the amount of cash that PAA generates from its business, please read “—Risks Related to PAA’s Business,” “—Risks Related to Laws and Regulations Impacting PAA’s Business,” “—Risks Inherent in an Investment in PAA” and Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” PAA may not have sufficient available cash each quarter to continue paying distributions at its current level or at all. If PAA reduces its per unit distribution, either because of reduced operating cash flow, higher expenses, capital requirements or otherwise, we will have less cash available for distribution and would likely be required to reduce our per share distribution. The amount of cash PAA has available for distribution depends primarily upon PAA’s cash flow, including cash flow from the release of financial reserves as well as borrowings, and is not solely a function of profitability, which will be affected by non-cash items. As a result, PAA may make cash distributions during periods when it records losses and may not make cash distributions during periods when it records profits. Furthermore, AAP’s ability to distribute cash to us and our ability to distribute cash received from AAP to our Class A shareholders is limited by a number of factors, including: • our payment of any income taxes; • restrictions on distributions contained in PAA’s credit facilities and any future debt agreements entered into by AAP, PAA or us; and • reserves our general partner establishes for, among other things, the proper conduct of our business or to comply with applicable law or any agreement binding on us or our subsidiaries (exclusive of PAA and its subsidiaries). A material increase in amounts paid or reserved with respect to any of these factors could restrict our ability to pay quarterly distributions to our Class A shareholders. See Item 5. “Market for Registrant’s Shares, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities—Cash Distribution Policy.” The distributions AAP is entitled to receive may fluctuate, which may reduce cash distributions to our Class A shareholders. At December 31, 2025, we owned an approximate 85% limited partner interest in AAP, which owned approximately 233.0 million PAA common units. All of the cash flow we receive from AAP is derived from its ownership of these PAA common units. Because distributions on PAA common units are dependent on the amount of cash PAA generates, distributions may fluctuate based on PAA’s performance. The actual amount of cash that is available to be distributed each quarter will depend on numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control and the control of PAA. Cash distributions are dependent primarily on cash flow, including cash flow from financial reserves and working capital borrowings, and not solely on profitability, which is affected by non-cash items. Therefore, PAA’s cash distributions might be made during periods when PAA records losses and might not be made during periods when PAA record profits. If distributions on our Class A shares are not paid with respect to any fiscal quarter, our Class A shareholders will not be entitled to receive that quarter’s payments in the future. Our distributions to our Class A shareholders are not cumulative. Consequently, if distributions on our Class A shares are not paid with respect to any fiscal quarter, our Class A shareholders will not be entitled to receive that quarter’s payments in the future. 40 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The amount of cash that we and PAA distribute each quarter may limit our ability to grow. Because we distribute all of our available cash, our growth may not be as fast as the growth of businesses that reinvest their available cash to expand ongoing operations. In fact, because currently our cash flow is generated solely from distributions we receive from AAP, which are derived from AAP’s partnership interests in PAA, our growth will be completely dependent upon PAA. The amount of distributions received by AAP is based on PAA’s per unit distribution paid on each PAA common unit and the number of PAA common units that AAP owns. If we issue additional Class A shares or we were to incur debt or are required to pay taxes, the payment of distributions on those additional Class A shares, or interest on such debt or payment of such taxes, could increase the risk that we will be unable to maintain or increase our cash distribution levels. Restrictions in PAA’s credit facilities could limit AAP’s ability to make distributions to us, thereby limiting our ability to make distributions to our Class A shareholders. PAA’s credit facilities contain various operating and financial restrictions and covenants. PAA’s ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants may be affected by events beyond its control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. If PAA is unable to comply with these restrictions and covenants, any indebtedness under these credit facilities may become immediately due and payable and PAA’s lenders’ commitment to make further loans under these credit facilities may terminate. PAA might not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments. For more information regarding PAA’s credit facilities, please read “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.” For information regarding risks related to PAA’s credit facilities, please see “—Risks Related to PAA’s Business—The terms of PAA’s indebtedness may limit its ability to borrow additional funds or capitalize on business opportunities. In addition, PAA’s future debt level may limit its future financial and operating flexibility.” The Class B shareholders own a significant number of shares, which may make the removal of our general partner difficult. Our shareholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and, therefore, limited ability to influence management’s decisions regarding our business. If our Class A shareholders are dissatisfied with the performance of our general partner, it may be difficult for them to remove our general partner. Our general partner may only be removed by vote of the holders of at least 66 2 / 3 % of our outstanding shares (including both Class A and Class B shares). At December 31, 2025, the Legacy Owners owned approximately 15% of our outstanding Class A and Class B shares. Without the support of our Legacy Owners, such ownership level may make it more difficult for our Class A shareholders to obtain the requisite vote level required to remove our general partner. As a result of these provisions, the price at which our shares trade may be lower because of the absence or reduction of a control or takeover premium in the trading price. Our general partner may cause us to issue additional Class A shares or other equity securities, including equity securities that are senior to our Class A shares, or cause AAP to issue additional securities, in each case without shareholder approval, which may adversely affect our shareholders. Our general partner may cause us to issue an unlimited number of additional Class A shares or other equity securities of equal rank with the Class A shares, or cause AAP to issue additional securities, in each case without shareholder approval. In addition, we may issue an unlimited number of shares that are senior to our Class A shares in right of distribution, liquidation and voting. Except for Class A shares issued in connection with the exercise of an Exchange Right, which will result in the cancellation of an equivalent number of Class B shares and therefore have no effect on the total number of outstanding shares, the issuance of additional Class A shares or our other equity securities of equal or senior rank, or the issuance by AAP of additional securities, will have the following effects: • each shareholder’s proportionate ownership interest in us may decrease; • the amount of cash available for distribution on each Class A share may decrease; • the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding Class A share may be diminished; • the ratio of taxable income to distributions may increase; and • the market price of the Class A shares may decline. 41 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements If PAA’s unitholders remove PAA GP as PAA’s general partner, AAP may be required to sell or exchange its indirect general partner interest and we may lose our ability to manage and control PAA. We currently manage our investment in PAA through our indirect ownership of PAA GP, which serves as PAA’s general partner. PAA’s partnership agreement gives unitholders of PAA the right to remove PAA GP as general partner upon the affirmative vote of holders of 66 2 / 3 % of PAA’s outstanding units. If PAA GP withdraws as general partner or is removed without cause (as defined in PAA’s partnership agreement) and a successor general partner is elected, AAP will receive cash in exchange for its indirect general partner interest. If PAA GP withdraws under circumstances other than those described in the preceding sentence and a successor general partner is elected, the successor general partner will purchase the general partner interest for its fair market value. If PAA GP’s interests are not purchased, they will be converted into common units. In either case, we could lose our ability to manage and control PAA. In addition, if PAA GP is removed or withdraws as general partner of PAA, we could face an increased risk of being deemed an investment company. Please read “—If in the future we cease to manage and control PAA, we may be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.” Shareholders may not have limited liability if a court finds that shareholder action constitutes control of our business. Under Delaware law, our shareholders could be held liable for our obligations to the same extent as a general partner if a court determined that the right or the exercise of the right by our shareholders as a group to remove or replace our general partner, to approve some amendments to the partnership agreement or to take other action under our partnership agreement constituted participation in the “control” of our business. Additionally, the limitations on the liability of holders of limited partner interests for the liabilities of a limited partnership have not been clearly established in many jurisdictions. Furthermore, Section 17-607 of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act provides that, under some circumstances, a shareholder may be liable to us for the amount of a distribution for a period of three years from the date of the distribution. If in the future we cease to manage and control PAA, we may be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. If we cease to indirectly manage and control PAA and are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, we would either have to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, obtain exemptive relief from the SEC or modify our organizational structure or our contractual rights to fall outside the definition of an investment company. Registering as an investment company could, among other things, materially limit our ability to engage in transactions with affiliates, including the purchase and sale of certain securities or other property to or from our affiliates, restrict the ability of PAA and us to borrow funds or engage in other transactions involving leverage, require us to add additional directors who are independent of us and our affiliates, and adversely affect the price of our Class A shares. Our partnership agreement restricts the rights of shareholders owning 20% or more of our shares. Our shareholders’ voting rights are restricted by the provision in our partnership agreement generally providing that any shares held by a person or group that owns 20% or more of any class of shares then outstanding, other than our general partner, the Legacy Owners (or certain transferees in private, non-exchange transactions), their respective affiliates and persons who acquired such shares with the prior approval of our general partner’s board of directors, cannot be voted on any matter, except that such shares constituting up to 19.9% of the total shares outstanding may be voted in the election of directors. In addition, our partnership agreement contains provisions limiting the ability of our shareholders to call meetings or to acquire information about our operations, as well as other provisions limiting our shareholders’ ability to influence the manner or direction of our management. As a result, the price at which our Class A shares will trade may be lower because of the absence or reduction of a takeover premium in the trading price. 42 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements If PAA’s general partner, which is owned by AAP, is not fully reimbursed or indemnified for obligations and liabilities it incurs in managing the business and affairs of PAA, its value, and, therefore, the value of our Class A shares, could decline. AAP, GP LLC and their affiliates may make expenditures on behalf of PAA for which PAA GP will seek reimbursement from PAA. Under Delaware partnership law, PAA GP has unlimited liability for the obligations of PAA, such as its debts and environmental liabilities, except for those contractual obligations of PAA that are expressly made without recourse to the general partner. To the extent PAA GP incurs obligations on behalf of PAA, it is entitled to be reimbursed or indemnified by PAA. If PAA is unable or unwilling to reimburse or indemnify PAA GP, PAA GP may be required to satisfy those liabilities or obligations, which would reduce AAP’s cash flows to us. The price of our Class A shares may be volatile, and holders of our Class A shares could lose a significant portion of their investments. The market price of our Class A shares could be volatile, and our shareholders may not be able to resell their Class A shares at or above the price at which they purchased such Class A shares due to fluctuations in the market price of the Class A shares, including changes in price caused by factors unrelated to our operating performance or prospects or the operating performance or prospects of PAA. The following factors, among others, could affect our Class A share price: • PAA’s operating and financial performance and prospects and the trading price of its common units; • the level of PAA’s quarterly distributions and our quarterly distributions; • quarterly variations in the rate of growth of our financial indicators, such as distributable cash flow per Class A share, net income and revenues; • changes in revenue or earnings and distribution estimates or publication of research reports by analysts; • speculation by the press or investment community; • sales of our Class A shares by our shareholders; • the exercise by the Legacy Owners of their exchange rights with respect to any retained AAP units; • announcements by PAA or its competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, securities offerings or capital commitments; • general market conditions, including conditions in financial markets; • changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; • adverse changes in tax laws or regulations; • domestic and international economic, legal and regulatory factors related to PAA’s performance; and • other factors described in these “Risk Factors.” An increase in interest rates may cause the market price of our shares to decline. Like all equity investments, an investment in our Class A shares is subject to certain risks. In exchange for accepting these risks, investors may expect to receive a higher rate of return than would otherwise be obtainable from lower-risk investments. Accordingly, as interest rates rise, the ability of investors to obtain higher risk-adjusted rates of return by purchasing government-backed debt securities may cause a corresponding decline in demand for riskier investments generally, including yield-based equity investments such as publicly traded limited partnership interests. Reduced demand for our Class A shares resulting from investors seeking other more favorable investment opportunities may cause the trading price of our Class A shares to decline. Future sales of our Class A shares in the public market could reduce our Class A share price, and any additional capital raised by us through the sale of equity or convertible securities may have a dilutive effect on our shareholders. Subject to certain limitations and exceptions, holders of AAP units may exchange their AAP units (together with a corresponding number of Class B shares) for Class A shares (on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for equity splits and reclassification and other similar transactions) and then sell those Class A shares. We may also issue additional Class A shares or convertible securities in subsequent public or private offerings. 43 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our Class A shares or securities convertible into Class A shares or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of our Class A shares will have on the market price of our Class A shares. Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A shares (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices of our Class A shares. The Legacy Owners hold a meaningful portion of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B shares. At December 31, 2025, through their ownership of Class B shares, the Legacy Owners held approximately 15% of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B shares. The Legacy Owners are entitled to act separately in their own respective interests with respect to their partnership interests in us, and collectively they currently have the ability to influence (although not the ability to block outright) (i) the outcome of any matters requiring shareholder approval, including certain mergers and other material transactions and (ii) a change in the composition of our board of directors or a change in control of our company that could deprive our shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their Class A shares as part of a sale of our company. So long as the Legacy Owners continue to own a meaningful amount of our outstanding shares, even if such amount is less than 50%, they will continue to be able to influence any matters requiring shareholder approval, regardless of whether or not other shareholders believe that such matters are in their own best interests. A valuation allowance on our deferred tax asset could reduce our earnings. As of December 31, 2025, we had a gross deferred tax asset of approximately $1.2 billion. Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”) requires that a valuation allowance must be established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that they will not be realized. We believe that the deferred tax asset we recorded through 2025 will be realized and that a valuation allowance is not required. However, if we were to determine that a valuation allowance was appropriate for our deferred tax asset, we would be required to take an immediate charge to earnings with a corresponding reduction of partners’ capital and increase in balance sheet leverage as measured by debt-to-total capitalization. In light of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, a valuation allowance will not be required for any U.S. federal deferred tax asset created after 2017. We may incur liability as a result of our ownership of our and PAA’s general partner. Under Delaware law, a general partner of a limited partnership is generally liable for the debts and liabilities of the partnership for which it serves as general partner, subject to the terms of any indemnification agreements contained in the partnership agreement and except to the extent the partnership’s contracts are non-recourse to the general partner. As a result of our structure, we indirectly own and control the general partner of PAA and own a portion of our general partner’s membership interests. Our percentage ownership of our general partner is expected to increase over time as the Legacy Owners exercise their exchange rights. To the extent the indemnification provisions in the applicable partnership agreement or non-recourse provisions in our contracts are not sufficient to protect us from such liability, we may in the future incur liabilities as a result of our ownership of these general partner entities. Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest Our existing organizational structure and the current and future relationships among us, PAA, our respective general partners, the Legacy Owners and affiliated entities present the potential for conflicts of interest. Conflicts of interest may arise as a result of our organizational structure and the current and future relationships among us, PAA, our respective general partners, the Legacy Owners and affiliated entities. Our partnership agreement defines the duties of our general partner (and, by extension, its officers and directors). Our general partner’s board of directors or its conflicts committee will have authority on our behalf to resolve any conflict involving us and they have broad latitude to consider the interests of all parties to the conflict. Conflicts of interest may arise between us and our shareholders, on the one hand, and our general partner and its owners and affiliated entities, on the other hand, or between us and our shareholders, on the one hand, and PAA and its unitholders, on the other hand. The resolution of these conflicts may not always be in our best interest or that of our shareholders. 44 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Our partnership agreement defines our general partner’s duties to us and contains provisions that reduce the remedies available to our shareholders for actions that might otherwise be challenged as breaches of fiduciary or other duties under state law. Our partnership agreement contains provisions that substantially reduce the standards to which our general partner would otherwise be held by state fiduciary duty law. For example, our partnership agreement: • permits our general partner to make a number of decisions in its individual capacity, as opposed to in its capacity as our general partner. This entitles our general partner to consider only the interests and factors that it desires, and it has no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of, or factors affecting, us, the Legacy Owners, our affiliates or any limited partner. Examples include its right to vote membership interests in our general partner held by us, the exercise of its limited call right, its rights to transfer or vote any shares it may own, and its determination whether or not to consent to any merger or consolidation of our partnership or amendment to our partnership agreement; • generally provides that our general partner will not have any liability to us or our shareholders for decisions made in its capacity as a general partner so long as it acted in good faith which, pursuant to our partnership agreement, requires a subjective belief that the determination, or other action or anticipated result thereof is in, or not opposed to, our best interests; • generally provides that any resolution or course of action adopted by our general partner and its affiliates in respect of a conflict of interest will be permitted and deemed approved by all of our partners, and will not constitute a breach of our partnership agreement or any duty stated or implied by law or equity if the resolution or course of action in respect of such conflict of interest is: ◦ approved by a majority of the members of our general partner’s conflicts committee after due inquiry, based on a subjective belief that the course of action or determination that is the subject of such approval is fair and reasonable to us; ◦ approved by majority vote of our Class A shares and Class B shares (excluding Class C shares and excluding shares owned by our general partner and its affiliates, but including shares owned by the Legacy Owners) voting together as a single class; ◦ determined by our general partner (after due inquiry) to be on terms no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties; or ◦ determined by our general partner (after due inquiry) to be fair and reasonable to us, which determination may be made taking into account the circumstances and the relationships among the parties involved (including our short-term or long-term interests and other arrangements or relationships that could be considered favorable or advantageous to us). • provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in connection with any action or inaction of, or determination made by, our general partner or the conflicts committee of our general partner’s board of directors with respect to any matter relating to us, it shall be presumed that our general partner or the conflicts committee of our general partner’s board of directors acted in a manner that satisfied the contractual standards set forth in our partnership agreement, and in any proceeding brought by any limited partner or by or on behalf of such limited partner or any other limited partner or our partnership challenging any such action or inaction of, or determination made by, our general partner, the person bringing or prosecuting such proceeding shall have the burden of overcoming such presumption; and • provides that our general partner and its officers and directors will not be liable for monetary damages to us, our limited partners or assignees for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that our general partner or those other persons acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that such person’s conduct was criminal. The Legacy Owners may have interests that conflict with holders of our Class A shares. At December 31, 2025, the Legacy Owners owned approximately 15% of our outstanding Class A and Class B shares and approximately 15% of the AAP units. As a result, the Legacy Owners may have conflicting interests with holders of Class A shares. For example, the Legacy Owners may have different tax positions from us which could influence their decisions regarding whether and when to cause us to dispose of assets. 45 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Furthermore, conflicts of interest could arise in the future between us, on the one hand, and the Legacy Owners, on the other hand, concerning among other things, potential competitive business activities or business opportunities. These conflicts of interest may not be resolved in our favor. If we are presented with business opportunities, PAA has the first right to pursue such opportunities. Pursuant to the administrative agreement, we have agreed to certain business opportunity arrangements to address potential conflicts with respect to business opportunities that may arise among us, our general partner, PAA, PAA GP, AAP and GP LLC. If a business opportunity is presented to us, our general partner, PAA, PAA GP, AAP or GP LLC, then PAA will have the first right to pursue such business opportunity. We have the right to pursue and/or participate in such business opportunity if invited to do so by PAA, or if PAA abandons the business opportunity and GP LLC so notifies our general partner. Accordingly, the terms of the administrative agreement limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. Our general partner’s affiliates and the Legacy Owners may compete with us. Our partnership agreement provides that our general partner will be restricted from engaging in any business activities other than acting as our general partner and those activities incidental to its ownership of interests in us. The restrictions contained in our general partner’s limited liability company agreement are subject to a number of exceptions. Affiliates of our general partner and the Legacy Owners will not be prohibited from engaging in other businesses or activities that might be in direct competition with us except to the extent they compete using our confidential information. Our general partner has a call right that may require our shareholders to sell their Class A shares at an undesirable time or price. If at any time more than 80% of our outstanding Class A shares and Class B shares on a combined basis (including Class A shares issuable upon the exchange of Class B shares) are owned by our general partner, the Legacy Owners (or certain transferees in private, non-exchange transactions) or their respective affiliates, our general partner will have the right (which it may assign to any of its affiliates, the Legacy Owners or us), but not the obligation, to acquire all, but not less than all, of the remaining Class A shares held by public shareholders at a price equal to the greater of (x) the current market price of such shares as of the date three days before notice of exercise of the call right is first mailed and (y) the highest price paid by our general partner, the Legacy Owners (or certain transferees in private, non-exchange transactions) or their respective affiliates for such shares during the 90 day period preceding the date such notice is first mailed. As a result, holders of our Class A shares may be required to sell such Class A shares at an undesirable time or price and may not receive any return of or on their investment. Class A shareholders may also incur a tax liability upon a sale of their Class A shares. At December 31, 2025, the Legacy Owners owned approximately 15% of the Class A shares and Class B shares on a combined basis. Risks Related to PAA’s Business PAA’s profitability depends on the volume of crude oil, natural gas and NGL shipped, processed, purchased, stored, fractionated and/or gathered at or through the use of its pipelines and facilities, which can be negatively impacted by a variety of factors outside of its control. Drilling activity, crude oil production and benchmark crude oil prices can fluctuate significantly over time for a wide variety of reasons, including prevailing economic conditions, geopolitical conflicts or events, reduced demand by consumers for end products made with hydrocarbons, increased competition, adverse weather conditions, public health emergencies, and governmental actions and regulations affecting prices and production levels. Crude oil prices may also decline due to actions of domestic or foreign oil producers—they may take actions that create an over-supply of crude oil, and decrease benchmark crude oil prices. If producers reduce drilling activity in response to future declines in such prices, reduced capital market access, increased capital raising costs or adverse governmental or regulatory action, including, for example, federal, state or local laws or regulations that restrict drilling activities for environmental, seismic or other reasons, it could adversely impact current or future production levels. In turn, such developments could lead to reduced throughput on PAA’s pipelines and at its other facilities, which, depending on the level of production declines, could have a material adverse effect on PAA’s business. Also, except with respect to some of PAA’s more recently constructed long haul pipeline assets, third-party shippers generally do not have long-term contractual commitments to ship crude oil on PAA’s pipelines. A decision by a shipper to substantially reduce or cease to ship volumes of crude oil on PAA’s pipelines could cause a significant decline in its revenues. 46 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements To maintain the volumes of crude oil PAA purchases in connection with its operations, PAA must continue to contract for new supplies of crude oil to offset volumes lost because of reduced drilling activity by producers, natural declines in crude oil production from depleting wells or volumes lost to competitors. If production declines, competitors with under-utilized assets could adversely impact PAA’s ability to secure additional supplies of crude oil. PAA’s profitability can be negatively affected by a variety of factors stemming from competition in its industry, including recontracting and other risks associated with the general capacity overbuild of midstream energy infrastructure in some of the areas where it operates. PAA faces competition in all aspects of its business and can give no assurances that it will be able to compete effectively against its competitors. In general, competition comes from a wide variety of participants in a wide variety of contexts, including new entrants and existing participants and in connection with day-to-day business, investment capital projects, acquisitions and joint venture activities. Some of PAA’s competitors have capital resources many times greater than PAA’s or control greater supplies of crude oil, natural gas or NGL. In addition, other competitors with significant excess capacity and high financial leverage may be motivated to reduce transportation rates to levels approaching variable operating costs, without regard to whether they are generating an acceptable return on their investment. These competitive risks make it more difficult for PAA to attract new customers and expose PAA to increased contract renewal and customer retention risk with respect to its existing customers and make recontracting at favorable rates and volumes more challenging, including, for example, with respect to certain of PAA’s long-haul Permian pipelines. A significant driver of c