ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview RH (collectively, “we,” “us,” or the “Company”) is a leading retailer and luxury lifestyle brand operating primarily in the home furnishings market. Our curated and fully integrated assortments are presented consistently across our sales channels, including our retail locations, websites and Sourcebooks. We offer merchandise assortments across a number of categories, including furniture, lighting, textiles, bathware, décor, outdoor and garden, and baby, child and teen furnishings. Our retail business is fully integrated across our multiple channels of distribution. We position our Galleries as showrooms for our brand, while our websites and Sourcebooks act as virtual and print extensions of our physical spaces, respectively. We operate our retail locations throughout the United States, Canada and Europe, and we have an integrated RH Hospitality experience in 25 of our Design Gallery locations, which includes restaurants and wine bars. Key Value-Driving Strategies In order to achieve our long-term strategies of product transformation, platform expansion and cash generation as well as drive growth across our business, we are focused on the following key strategies and business initiatives: Product Elevation . We believe we have built the most comprehensive and compelling collection of luxury home furnishings under one brand in the world. Our products are presented across multiple collections, categories and channels that we control, and we believe their desirability and exclusivity have enabled us to achieve strong revenues and margins. Our customers know our brand concepts as RH Interiors, RH Modern, RH Outdoor, RH Beach House, RH Ski House, RH Baby & Child, RH Teen and Waterworks. Our strategy is to continue to elevate the design and quality of our product. Beginning with the mailing of our RH Interiors Sourcebook in the fall of 2023 and with additional Sourcebook mailings throughout 2024 and 2025, we have introduced the most prolific collection of new products in our history, which will continue with the spring 2026 launch of RH Estates, featuring RH Bespoke furniture and RH Couture upholstery. Gallery Transformation . Our products are elevated and rendered more valuable by our architecturally inspiring Galleries. We believe our strategy to open new Design Galleries in every major market in the United States and Canada will unlock the value of our vast assortment, generating an expected total annual revenue opportunity of $5 to $6 billion. We believe we can increase our sales by continuing to transform our real estate platform from our existing legacy retail footprint to a portfolio of Design Galleries sized to the potential of each market and the size of our assortment. In addition, we plan to incorporate hospitality into many of the new Design Galleries that we open in the future, which we believe further elevates and renders our product and brand more valuable. We believe hospitality has created a unique new retail experience that cannot be replicated online and that the addition of hospitality drives incremental sales of home furnishings in these Galleries. Brand Elevation . Our strategy is to move the brand beyond curating and selling product to conceptualizing and selling spaces by building an ecosystem of Products, Places, Services and Spaces that establishes the RH brand as a global thought leader, taste and place maker. We believe our seamlessly integrated ecosystem of immersive experiences inspires customers to dream, design, dine, travel and live in a world thoughtfully curated by RH, creating an impression and connection unlike any other brand in the world. Our hospitality efforts will continue to elevate the RH brand as we extend beyond the four walls of our Galleries into RH Guesthouses, where our goal is to create a new market for travelers seeking privacy and luxury in the $200 billion North American hotel industry. We entered this industry with the opening of the RH Guesthouse New York in September 2022 and are in the process of constructing our second RH Guesthouse in Aspen. In June 2023, we opened RH England, The Gallery at the Historic Aynho Park, a 400-year-old landmark estate representing one of the most inspiring and immersive physical expressions of the brand. RH England marked the beginning of our global expansion beyond North America. Additionally, we offer bespoke experiences like RH Yountville, an integration of Food, Wine, Art & Design in the Napa Valley; RH One & RH Two, our private jets; and RH Three, our luxury yacht that is available for charter in the Caribbean and Mediterranean, where the wealthy and affluent visit and vacation. These immersive experiences expose both new and existing customers to our evolving authority in architecture, interior design and landscape architecture. PART I FORM 10-K | 1 
 Table of Contents Global Expansion. We believe that our luxury brand positioning and unique aesthetic have strong international appeal and that global expansion will provide RH with a substantial opportunity to build a projected $20 to $25 billion global brand in terms of annual revenues. Our view is that the competitive global environment is more fragmented and primed for disruption than the North American market, and there is no direct competitor of scale that possesses the product, operational platform and brand strength of RH. As such, we are actively pursuing the expansion of the RH brand globally, which began with the opening of RH England, RH Munich and RH Düsseldorf in 2023, followed by the opening of RH Brussels and RH Madrid in 2024. In September 2025, we opened RH Paris, The Gallery on the Champs-Élysées, located just off the Avenue Montaigne, which stands at the global epicenter of fashion and luxury. We believe the opening of RH Paris marks a major step forward in the European expansion of our business. In 2026, we expect to open RH Milan, The Gallery on Corso Venezia, and RH London, The Gallery in Mayfair, which we believe will be inspiring spaces that celebrate the heritage of the historic structures and integrate full expressions of our hospitality experiences. In addition, we plan to open RH Sydney, The Gallery in Double Bay, in Australia in the coming years. Digital Reimagination . Our strategy is to digitally reimagine the RH brand and business model both internally and externally. Internally, our multiyear effort began with the reimagination of our RH Center of Innovation to incorporate digitally integrated visuals and decision data designed to amplify the creative process from product ideation to product presentation. Externally, our strategy comes to life digitally through The World of RH, an online portal where customers can explore and be inspired by the depth and dimension of our brand. We expect to continue to elevate the customer experience on The World of RH with further enhancements to content, navigation and search functionality. We believe an opportunity exists to create similar strategic separation online as we have with our Galleries offline, reconceptualizing what a website can and should be. We have made meaningful investments to elevate and differentiate our online experience in 2025, and we expect to continue investing in these initiatives in 2026. Products and Product Development We have positioned RH as a lifestyle brand and design authority by offering expansive merchandise assortments. We are a merchant of luxury home furnishings, and our products embody our design aesthetic and reflect inspiration from across the centuries and around the globe. We have developed a proprietary product development platform that is fully integrated from ideation to presentation. Key aspects of our product development platform are: Organization —We have established a collaborative, cross-functional organization leading our product development, sourcing, merchandising, inventory and creative teams. Our product teams are focused on maximizing the sales potential of each product category across all channels, which eliminates channel conflicts and functional redundancies. Process —For many of our products, we work closely with our network of artisan partners who possess specialized product development and manufacturing capabilities and who we consider an extension of our product development team. We collaborate with our global network of specialty vendors and manufacturers to produce artisanal pieces of high quality and value on a large scale, including both distinctive original designs and reinterpretations of antiques. Facility —We have built the RH Center of Innovation, a facility that supports the entire product development process from ideation to presentation across all channels. Our proprietary product development platform enhances our ability to introduce more new products with each collection. In addition, our product development platform, sourcing capabilities and significant scale enable us to reduce our product costs. Sales Channels We distribute our products through a fully integrated sales platform comprising our retail locations, including RH Galleries, RH Interior Design Studios and Waterworks Showrooms, in addition to our websites, Sourcebooks, Trade, Contract and Outlets. We believe the level of integration among all of our channels and our approach to the market distinguish us from other retailers. We encourage our customers to shop across our channels, which complement one another, and have aligned our business and internal organization to be channel agnostic. 2 | FORM 10-K PART I 
 Table of Contents Retail Locations As of January 31, 2026, our retail locations comprise RH Galleries, an RH Interior Design Studio and Waterworks Showrooms: AVERAGE SELLING COUNT SQUARE FOOTAGE (1) RH North America Design Galleries (2) 39 32,600 Legacy Galleries 25 7,700 Outdoor Galleries 2 3,400 Modern Gallery 1 12,800 Baby & Child Gallery 1 2,400 Interior Design Studio 1 3,000 Total RH retail locations—North America 69 Europe Design Galleries 6 21,900 Total RH retail locations 75 Waterworks Showrooms 14 4,400 Total retail locations 89 (1) Calculated based on total selling square footage divided by total locations. Selling square footage is retail space at our retail locations used to sell our products, as well as space for our restaurants and wine bars. Selling square footage excludes backrooms at retail locations used for storage, office space, food preparation, kitchen space or similar purposes, as well as exterior sales space located outside a retail location, such as courtyards, gardens and rooftops. (2) We have an integrated RH Hospitality experience in 25 of our Design Galleries and in our one RH Guesthouse. Our Galleries reinforce our luxury brand aesthetic and are highly differentiated from other home furnishings retailers. We have revolutionized the customer experience by showcasing products in a sophisticated lifestyle setting, consistent with the imagery and product presentation featured within our websites and Sourcebooks. Products in our Galleries are presented in fully appointed rooms, emphasizing collections over individual pieces. This presentation inspires our customers to consider purchasing a full collection of products to replicate the design aesthetic experienced in our Galleries, Sourcebooks or online. We believe situating our Galleries in desirable locations, such as iconic buildings and luxury retail shopping centers, is critical to the success of our business. New sites are identified based on a variety of store-specific factors, including unique architecture, geographic location, demographics, and proximity to affluent consumers. We pursue a market-based sales strategy whereby we assess each market’s overall sales potential and how best to approach the market across all of our channels. We maximize our retail location square footage, as well as Sourcebook circulation, to capitalize on each market’s sales potential and increase our return on invested capital. We believe our integrated RH Hospitality experience, which includes restaurants and wine bars, has created a unique retail experience that cannot be replicated online, and that the addition of hospitality offerings drives incremental sales of home furnishings in these Galleries. We plan to incorporate hospitality into many of the new Galleries that we open in the future. We have identified key learnings from our real estate transformation strategy that have supported the development of a multi-tier market approach described below that we believe will optimize both market share and return on invested capital. PART I FORM 10-K | 3 
 Table of Contents First, we have strategically designed our Design Galleries as innovative and adaptable formats, allowing us to accelerate the introduction of our disruptive product assortments and immersive retail experiences into the market. We will continue to refine and evolve these formats based on key insights from recent openings, such as RH Palo Alto, RH Newport Beach, RH Montreal and RH Detroit. Most Design Galleries encompass approximately 30,000 to 50,000 square feet of selling space, seamlessly integrating our hospitality offerings while showcasing our product collections across multiple categories. These Galleries also house interior design offices and presentation rooms where our designers collaborate with customers to bring their projects to life. Additionally, we plan to introduce RH Design Compounds in 2026, which consist of six to eight independent buildings connected by beautifully landscaped garden courtyards, with a sun filled atrium restaurant anchoring the project. We are currently developing RH Design Compounds in Naples and Miami, Florida and Walnut Creek, California. Second, we will continue to develop and open larger bespoke Design Galleries in the top metropolitan markets, similar to those we opened in New York, Chicago and San Francisco. These iconic locations reinforce our long-term competitive advantage and establish a market presence that we believe is difficult to replicate. We opened our first bespoke international location, RH England, The Gallery at the Historic Aynho Park, in June 2023, and our second bespoke international location, RH Paris, The Gallery on the Champs-Élysées, in September 2025. In 2026, we expect to further expand this concept across the United States and Europe, including with the planned openings of RH Milan, The Gallery on Corso Venezia, and RH London, The Gallery in Mayfair. Third, we will continue to open smaller scale Design Galleries and bespoke Design Galleries in neighborhoods, towns and small cities where the wealthy and affluent live, visit and vacation. These locations are thoughtfully tailored to reflect the local culture and are proportionate to each market’s potential. Examples include RH Yountville and RH Montecito, along with a forthcoming opening in Aspen. Additionally, we debuted our first Interior Design Studio in Palm Desert, California, in December 2024. In certain markets we are creating ecosystems, a multi-building brand presence on a street, in a neighborhood, design district or shopping center, such as in Greenwich, Palm Desert and Los Angeles. The pace of our Gallery openings is influenced by multiple factors, including market conditions and strategic priorities. We also continue to extend our international footprint, with agreements in place for Design Galleries in select markets outside North America, including the United Kingdom, Italy and Australia. This global expansion aligns with our broader vision of establishing RH as a leading luxury lifestyle brand worldwide. 4 | FORM 10-K PART I 
 Table of Contents Our retail location square footage metrics and activity were as follows: YEAR ENDED JANUARY 31, FEBRUARY 1, 2026 2025 TOTAL TOTAL SELLING SQUARE SELLING SQUARE COUNT FOOTAGE (1) COUNT FOOTAGE (1) (square footage in thousands) Beginning of fiscal year 83 1,527 84 1,378 RH Design Galleries Detroit 1 40.9 — — Oklahoma City 1 31.1 — — Montreal 1 31.1 — — San Diego 1 20.0 — — Manhasset 1 16.6 — — Paris 1 14.3 — — Pittsburgh 1 8.4 — — Newport Beach — — 1 60.1 Raleigh — — 1 37.6 Cleveland — — 1 33.1 Palo Alto — — 1 32.5 Brussels — — 1 27.7 Madrid — — 1 8.3 Montecito — — 1 4.8 RH Legacy Galleries San Diego (1) (6.2) — — Detroit (1) (2.7) — — Plano — — (1) (9.6) Costa Mesa — — (1) (7.9) Cleveland — — (1) (7.1) Newport Beach — — (1) (7.0) Mission Viejo — — (1) (6.9) Santa Barbara — — (1) (6.9) Palo Alto — — (1) (6.1) Raleigh — — (1) (4.7) RH Outdoor Galleries Greenwich 1 4.2 — — East Hampton 1 2.6 — — RH Baby & Child and Teen Galleries Greenwich (1) (4.2) — — Corte Madera — — (1) (1.8) RH Interior Design Studio Palm Desert — — 1 3.0 Waterworks Showroom New York (remodel) — 4.0 — — Dallas (remodel) — 2.4 — — End of fiscal year 89 1,690 83 1,527 Total square footage at end of period (2) 2,316 2,097 (1) Represents retail space at our retail locations used to sell our products, as well as space for our restaurants and wine bars. Excludes backrooms at retail locations used for storage, office space, food preparation, kitchen space or similar purpose, as well as exterior sales space located outside a retail location, such as courtyards, gardens and rooftops. Includes approximately 130,000 square feet as of fiscal 2025 related to four owned retail locations and approximately 89,000 square feet related to three owned retail locations as of fiscal 2024. (2) Includes approximately 198,000 square feet as of fiscal 2025 related to four owned retail locations and approximately 142,000 square feet related to three owned retail locations as of fiscal 2024. PART I FORM 10-K | 5 
 Table of Contents Weighted-average square footage and selling square footage are calculated based on the number of days a retail location was open during the period divided by the total number of days in the period, and were as follows: YEAR ENDED JANUARY 31, FEBRUARY 1, 2026 2025 (in thousands) Weighted-average square footage 2,184 2,007 Weighted-average selling square footage 1,593 1,458 In addition to the retail locations, we operate one RH Guesthouse with approximately 13,800 selling square feet. The following list shows the number of retail locations in each U.S. state and foreign country where we operate as of January 31, 2026: LOCATION COUNT LOCATION COUNT LOCATION COUNT Alabama 1 Michigan 1 Utah 1 Arizona 2 Minnesota 1 Virginia 2 California 17 Missouri 1 Washington 1 Colorado 2 Nevada 1 District of Columbia 1 Connecticut 3 New Jersey 2 Belgium 1 Florida 6 New York 6 Canada 5 Georgia 2 North Carolina 2 France 1 Illinois 3 Ohio 3 Germany 2 Indiana 1 Oklahoma 2 Spain 1 Kansas 1 Oregon 1 United Kingdom (1) 2 Louisiana 1 Pennsylvania 3 Maryland 1 Tennessee 1 Massachusetts 2 Texas 6 Total 89 (1) Includes an RH Design Gallery and a Waterworks Showroom. We continually analyze opportunities to selectively consolidate retail locations in connection with openings of our Design Galleries or close retail locations that have been under-performing or are no longer consistent with our brand positioning. In many cases, we continue to operate a retail location until our lease has expired in order to effect the closure in a cost-efficient manner. Websites Our primary RH websites, rh.com, rhbabyandchild.rh.com and rhteen.rh.com , provide our customers with the ability to purchase RH merchandise online. Waterworks products are sold online through the waterworks.com and rh.com websites. Our websites allow our customers to experience the unique lifestyle settings reflected in our Sourcebooks and throughout our Galleries and Showrooms, and to shop all of our current product assortment. We update our websites regularly to reflect new products, product availability and occasional special offers. The RH websites also offer room-based navigation, which allows the customer to envision and shop items by room or by product, expanding on the richness of the online experience. Customers can search the websites for products by size or color, browse our extensive product categories and see detailed information about each item and collection, such as dimensions, materials and care instructions. Additionally, customers can select swatches and view merchandise displayed with different color, finish and material options. 6 | FORM 10-K PART I 
 Table of Contents Sourcebooks We produce a series of catalogs, which we refer to as Sourcebooks, to showcase our merchandise assortment. Our Sourcebooks include RH Interiors, RH Modern, RH Outdoor, and RH Baby & Child and RH Teen. Our Sourcebooks are one of our primary branding and advertising vehicles. We have found that merchandise assortments displayed in our Sourcebooks contribute to increased sales of those products across all of our channels. As in our Galleries, our Sourcebooks present our merchandise in lifestyle settings that reflect our unique design aesthetic. Our Sourcebooks also feature profiles of select artisan vendors and other compelling editorial content regarding home décor. All creative work on our Sourcebooks is coordinated in-house in our RH Center of Innovation, providing us with greater control over the brand image presented to our customers, while also reducing our Sourcebook production costs. We distribute our Sourcebooks throughout countries in which we operate. Our customers respond to the Sourcebooks across all of our channels, with sales trends closely correlating to the assortments that we emphasize and feature prominently in our Sourcebooks, Galleries and websites. Our Sourcebooks, in concert with our websites, are a cost-effective means to test new products, and allow us to launch categories in a disciplined, expeditious and cost-effective manner. We continue to evaluate and optimize our Sourcebook strategy based on our experience. We maintain a database of customer information, including information from our RH Members Program. Our customer database includes sales patterns, detailed purchasing information and certain demographic information, as well as mailing and email addresses. We mail our Sourcebooks to addresses within this database and to addresses provided to us by third parties. The database, which is maintained in accordance with our privacy policy disclosed on our website, supports our ability to analyze our customers’ buying behaviors across sales channels, facilitates the development of targeted marketing strategies, and supports prospecting new customers. We segment our customer files based on multiple variables, and we tailor our Sourcebook mailings and emails in response to the purchasing patterns and product needs of our customers. We continue to improve the segmentation of customer files and the expansion of our customer database. Trade and Contract In the Trade channel, we work directly with residential interior designers and decorators purchasing products for their customers’ residential projects. We also sell directly to consumers who make purchases with the assistance of their residential interior designer or decorator. Our Contract channel supplies products to large-scale, luxury hospitality, commercial and residential development projects globally, working directly with hotel ownership groups and brands, commercial property owners, single-family and multi-family builders and developers and their ecosystem of architecture, interior design and purchasing business partners. These channels enable us to reach new business customers and the consumers they influence. Outlet Stores Our outlet stores are branded as RH Outlet or Restoration Hardware Outlet and are typically located in outlet malls, power centers, and freestanding locations. Our outlet stores serve as a key part of our reverse logistics platform and provide an efficient means to sell primarily returned merchandise and, to a lesser extent, discontinued and overstock merchandise outside of our core sales channels. As of January 31, 2026, we operated 44 outlet stores, including one outlet location in the United Kingdom. Marketing and Advertising Our Galleries, websites and Sourcebooks are the primary branding and advertising vehicles for the RH brand. In addition, we employ a variety of marketing and advertising techniques to drive customer traffic across all our channels, strengthen and reinforce our brand image and acquire new customers. These include targeted Sourcebook circulation, email communications, promotional mailings, print advertisements, and public relations activities and events. We use our customer database to tailor our programs and increase the efficiency of our marketing and promotional initiatives. We leverage our marketing and advertising expenses across all our channels as we seek to optimize the efficiency of our investments. Additionally, we operate certain brand-elevating assets that also serve as advertising vehicles for the RH brand, including RH Guesthouse New York; RH England, The Gallery at the Historic Aynho Park; RH Yountville, an integration of Food, Wine, Art & Design in the Napa Valley; RH One & RH Two, our private jets available for charter; and RH Three, our luxury yacht available for charter. PART I FORM 10-K | 7 
 Table of Contents The highly differentiated design aesthetic and environment of our Galleries drive customer traffic not only to our physical spaces but also to our websites. Our Sourcebooks and targeted emails further reinforce the RH brand image and drive sales across all of our channels. We also participate in a wide range of other marketing, promotional and public relations activities. These campaigns include media coverage in design, lifestyle, culture/society and specialty publications, as well as events related to new Gallery openings. In addition, we engage in global print advertising across brand-relevant publications, including US titles such as Architectural Digest, ELLE Decor, Veranda, Town & Country, T: The New York Times Style Magazine, LUXE Interiors + Design, C Magazine, Galerie Magazine and Mod