ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. Risks Related to Our Business We are undertaking a large number of business initiatives at the same time, including international expansion and exploring opportunities to expand into new categories and complementary businesses. If these initiatives are not successful, they may have a negative impact on our results of operations. We are undertaking a large number of new business initiatives at the same time, including efforts to expand our business through (i) international expansion, (ii) product transformation and platform expansion, and (iii) new business initiatives, such as real estate development and the expansion of RH Hospitality, including by constructing our second RH Guesthouse in Aspen. We opened RH England in June 2023, RH Munich and RH Düsseldorf in November 2023, RH Brussels in March 2024, RH Madrid in June 2024 and RH Paris in September 2025. We have introduced a number of new product categories such as RH Modern, expanded the RH Hospitality offering, which includes integrated restaurants and wine bars in a number of our Galleries and in our Guesthouse, and also expanded our platform with the opening of our first freestanding RH Interior Design Studio. We are also developing additional product categories, including the planned launch of RH Estates in 2026, and are investing in other new business initiatives, including business acquisitions and investments in joint ventures, such as those related to real estate development projects . We can provide no assurances that customers will respond favorably to, or that we will successfully execute on, such business initiatives or that we will be successful in expanding our operations into any new geographies, businesses, product lines and platforms. In particular, any new businesses we enter or expansion of our existing business into new markets, both domestically and internationally, may expose us to additional operational risks, such as risks related to political, social and economic instability and disruptions, government import and export controls, economic sanctions, embargoes or trade restrictions, the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers and retaliatory countermeasures, risk to theft of proprietary information and/or intellectual property, currency fluctuation, supply chain and product sourcing, new regulatory regimes applicable to our products and increased compliance costs, including costs associated with compliance and disclosure, operational requirements and costs related to operating in new jurisdictions, difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations, including our locations and employees, limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies, potentially adverse tax consequences, and access to, or control of, networks and confidential information due to local government controls and vulnerability of local networks to cyber risks. We may be unsuccessful in adapting our operations to address such risks and we may determine to curtail and/or slow our international expansion initiative. If we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with expanding our business internationally or adequately manage operational risks of our existing international operations, there could be a material adverse effect on our growth in global markets, our reputation and prospects, our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows. As of January 31, 2026, we have an integrated RH Hospitality experience in 25 of our Gallery locations, including restaurants and wine bars, and based on the success of our hospitality offering to date, we plan to incorporate an integrated RH Hospitality offering in many of the new Galleries that we open in the future. In addition, we have one RH Guesthouse in New York and are constructing our second RH Guesthouse in Aspen. Although we have experienced a number of positive business outcomes from the RH Hospitality operations, there can be no assurance that these benefits will be sustained, that we will avoid operational or other complications from the hospitality business or that new aspects of our hospitality offering such as the launch of Guesthouses will be successful. PART I FORM 10-K | 11 
 Table of Contents We often have incurred, and may in the future incur, substantial upfront costs for new business initiatives before we realize any corresponding revenue with respect to such initiatives. For example, as we continue to develop and invest in new business initiatives, such as the introduction of Guesthouses and the redevelopment of historical buildings into larger format bespoke Design Galleries in select major metropolitan markets, we may devote significant financial resources to a particular location before it opens to customers and generates revenue. Additionally, the amount of lead time and cost involved in the development of such initiatives may be greater than anticipated. If our future business initiatives do not achieve expected customer acceptance or generate sufficient revenues upon opening, we may not be able to recover the costs of our investment. In addition, we continue to pursue several new initiatives to improve our business, including refining our organizational structure, changing how we source and deliver products to our customers, and streamlining and realigning the senior leadership and personnel structure in our home office operations. We have also focused on elevating the customer experience, which includes improving our distribution and delivery of products and architecting a new fully integrated back-end operating platform, inclusive of the supply chain network, the home delivery experience as well as a new metric-driven quality system and company-wide decision data. We have focused on introducing new products and optimizing our merchandise assortment, including through selling slower moving, discontinued and other inventory through markdowns and our outlet channel, as well as enhancing and optimizing our product sourcing capabilities and adding new management information systems. Given the large number of organizational initiatives we are pursuing, as well as the complexity and untested nature of many of these efforts, there can be no certainty that we will succeed in executing these initiatives. We may not experience the operational or financial benefits we expect these improvements to generate and we may face unanticipated costs related to pursuing these initiatives, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We have experienced significant fluctuations in the growth of our business and we may not experience high rates of growth in future periods. We have experienced significant fluctuations in the growth of our business in the past and may continue to experience wide fluctuations in our quarterly performance. We are currently engaged in a number of growth initiatives, including investments to elevate our brand, transform our products, expand our platform and improve our customer experience. There can be no assurance that these efforts will be successful or that we will not encounter other operational difficulties that may have a material negative impact on our growth and profitability. In addition, these initiatives may have near-term material negative impacts on our growth and profitability as we incur costs or pursue strategies that may not contribute to our profits and margins until future periods, if at all. Some factors affecting our business, including macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical uncertainty and government policies, are not within our control. In prior periods, our results of operations have been adversely affected by weakness in the global economic environment. For example, we believe that the pandemic and the resulting trends in housing and consumption patterns drove increased demand in our business during a substantial portion of the pandemic, while the demand for home furnishings has since decreased as consumer demand has shifted into other areas such as travel and leisure. In addition, our rates of revenue growth have sharply fluctuated from quarter-to-quarter and we expect volatility in the rates of our growth to continue in future quarterly periods. Unique factors in any given quarter may affect period-to-period comparisons in our revenue growth, including the overall economic and general retail sales environment as well as factors affecting the housing market, such as high interest rates and mortgage rates, housing prices, the pace of housing construction, secondary market transactions in the housing market and other activities in the housing sector. Due to these kinds of factors, our results for any particular quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that we may achieve for a full fiscal year. Our results of operations may also vary relative to corresponding periods in prior years. We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance. We cannot assure you that we will succeed in offsetting any increases in our expenses with improved efficiency or price increases for our products and services or that cost increases associated with our business will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 12 | FORM 10-K PART I 
 Table of Contents Changes in consumer spending and factors that influence spending of the specific categories of consumers that purchase from us may significantly affect our revenue and results of operations. Our business depends on consumer demand for our products and we target consumers of high-end home furnishings. As a result, we believe that our sales are sensitive to a number of factors that influence consumer spending generally, such as general economic conditions and the health and volatility of the stock market, and that our sales are particularly affected by the financial health of, and demand levels from, higher-end consumers. While the overall market for home furnishings may be influenced by factors such as employment levels, interest rates, new household formation and the affordability of homes for first-time home buyers, the higher-end of the housing market may be disproportionately influenced by other factors, including the number of foreign buyers in higher-end U.S. real estate markets, foreign currency volatility, the number of second and third homes being bought and sold, stock market volatility and illiquid market conditions, global economic uncertainty, inflation, decreased availability of income tax deductions for mortgage interest and state income and property taxes, and perceived capital appreciation prospects in higher-end real estate. In the past, many of these factors have adversely affected the high-end home furnishings market and consequently our business. These factors may make it difficult for us to accurately predict our operating and financial results for future periods, and we believe these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations in future periods. If we fail to successfully and timely deliver merchandise to our customers and manage our supply chain commensurate with demand, our results of operations may be adversely affected. We must successfully manage our supply chain and vendors in order to produce sufficient quantities of products that our customers wish to purchase in a timely manner. We must manage our inventory levels, including predicting the appropriate levels and type of inventory to stock within each of our distribution centers, such that our “in stock” position in merchandise correlates well to consumer demand and expected delivery times. Because much of our merchandise requires that we provide vendors with significant ordering lead times, often before market factors are known, we may not be able to source sufficient inventory to meet demand if our products prove more popular than anticipated. Various business conditions and operational initiatives, such as the launch of new products and changes in the global supply chain, require us to establish new vendor relationships and supply chain operations, which may expose us to new counterparty, regulatory, market or other risks. We have experienced periods in which some of our vendors were not able to meet customer demand for certain products resulting in significant backorders for goods, higher rates of cancellation on orders in process and, in some instances, loss of customer sales when orders could not be completed in a timely manner. We have also experienced periods in which we had excess inventory. If we are unable to accurately predict and track demand for our products and have excess inventory as a result, we may be required to mark down the price of certain products in order to sell such inventory or we may be required to sell such inventory through our outlet stores. We expect these factors to continue from time to time as we add new product assortments and new merchandise categories into our business and the high-end home furnishings market fluctuates. PART I FORM 10-K | 13 
 Table of Contents Merchandise purchased from our vendors that is defective or otherwise does not meet our product quality standards could damage our reputation and brand image and harm our business, and we may not have adequate remedies against our vendors for such merchandise. From time to time, some of our merchandise has failed to meet our expectations and objectives concerning quality. Our emphasis on merchandise quality is increasing as we strive to elevate our brand. In recent periods we have recalled products due to quality or other issues and may recall others in the future. Despite our ongoing efforts to improve customer satisfaction, we may fail to maintain the level of quality for some of our products that is necessary to satisfy our customers. For example, our vendors may not adhere to our quality control standards, and we may not identify a quality deficiency before merchandise ships to our customers. Similarly, our merchandise may be damaged by vendors during transportation, delivery or installation, which could be viewed as a quality issue by our customers. Failure to supply our customers with high-quality merchandise in a timely and effective manner, additional product recalls, or any perception that we are not maintaining adequate sourcing and quality control processes could damage our reputation and brand image and lead to an increase in product returns, exchanges or customer litigation (including class-action lawsuits), increasing routine and non-routine litigation costs. In addition, social media may magnify any harm to our business, reputation and brand image. We are continually changing many aspects of our business processes, including improving product quality and enhancing sourcing and product availability, which may complicate our supply chain and quality control processes and result in quality issues or product recalls. Even if we detect that merchandise is defective or otherwise not in compliance with our product quality standards, we may not be able to return such products to the vendor or obtain a refund or other indemnification from the vendor. The limited capacities of certain of our vendors may constrain the ability of such vendors to replace any defective merchandise in a timely manner. Similarly, the limited capitalization and liquidity of certain of our vendors and their lack of insurance coverage for product recall claims may result in such vendors being unable to refund our purchase price or pay applicable penalties or damages associated with any such defects or resulting product recalls. Any of the foregoing risks, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and brand image. Our business depends on the strength of our brand and continuing investments in our brand will be an important requirement for our future success. Our business depends in part on a strong brand image, and we continue to invest in brand development and advertising. Our increased focus on elevating RH as a luxury brand and plans for further international expansion further increase the importance of our brand image, position and reputation. Our brand image may be diminished if new products, services or other businesses fail to maintain or enhance our distinctive brand image. Additionally, our reputation could be jeopardized if we fail to maintain high standards for merchandise and service quality. With the growth in importance and the impact of social media, any negative publicity from product defects, recalls or service failures may be magnified and reach a large portion of our customer base in a short period of time, which could harm the value of our brand and, consequently, our financial performance. Any failure to maintain a strong brand image could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. As a luxury brand, we rely on a number of initiatives to sustain our image and to promote our products in the marketplace. Our physical retailing presence, primarily in the form of our Galleries, is one of the most important initiatives that we use to display our product offerings. We also use our website and other digital efforts, as well as our Sourcebooks, to showcase a larger portion of our assortment. We continue to adjust and refine our strategy based on a variety of factors, including the success of the various initiatives that we adopt. Expenditures on our Sourcebook strategy have historically represented a substantial portion of our expense in advertising and promoting our business. We have in the past and may in the future adjust our strategies with respect to the use of Sourcebooks, including the frequency and scope of mailings, the format of the Sourcebooks and the use of Sourcebooks as an advertising and promotional tool, including with respect to prospecting for new customers. There can be no assurance that we will be successful as we make changes to optimize our Sourcebook strategy. Future increases in shipping rates, paper costs or printing costs would have a negative impact on our results of operations to the extent that we are unable to offset such increases through increased sales or by raising prices, by implementing more efficient printing, mailing, delivery and order fulfillment systems, or by using alternative direct-mail formats. 14 | FORM 10-K PART I 
 Table of Contents Competition in the home furnishings sector may adversely affect our future financial performance. The home furnishings sector is highly competitive. We compete with a number of other home furnishing retailers, including national and regional businesses, as well as new market participants. We also compete with the interior design trade and specialty stores, as well as antiques dealers and other merchants that provide unique items and custom-designed products. We will face new competitors as we expand our business into new geographic markets. In addition, we compete with mail order catalogs and online retailers focused on home furnishings. There are an increasing number of online and digital-centric business models in the home furnishings sector and the impact of these competitors on other home furnishing businesses is uncertain. Our existing competitors or new entrants into our industry may use a number of different strategies to compete against us, including aggressive expansion, competitive pricing, different approaches to advertising and marketing, and expansion into markets where we currently operate. Competition from any of these sources could cause us to lose market share, revenues and customers, increase expenditures, divert resources to new or responsive business initiatives and slow the rate of our growth and adversely affect our business and results of operations. There can be no assurance that such competitors will not be more successful than us, based on imitation of our products or strategies or through other competitive initiatives, or that we will be able to continue to maintain a leadership position in style and innovation or product position in the future. Many of our competitors seek to compete with us by offering products that are similar to our merchandise at lower price points. Some of our competitors have taken an aggressive approach to expansion of operations and introducing new stores and products that compete with our business. To the extent that we do not respond effectively to these and other sources of competition to our business, we may lose market share to our competitors and suffer negative consequences to our business and results of operations. We are subject to risks associated with our dependence on foreign manufacturing and imports for our merchandise. Based on total dollar volume of purchases for fiscal 2025, 69% of our products were sourced from Asia, including 39% from Vietnam, 13% from China and the remainder predominantly from Indonesia and India, 21% from North America, including 13% from the United States, as well as 10% from Europe and other countries. In addition, some of the merchandise we purchase from vendors in the United States also depends, in whole or in part, on vendors located outside the United States. As a result, our business highly depends on global trade, as well as any trade and other factors that impact the specific countries where our vendors’ production facilities are located. Our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to maintain our existing foreign vendor relationships and to develop new ones, and any changes in trade dynamics that might dictate changes in the locations for sourcing of products. In addition, we face risks related to the ability of our vendors to scale their operations, whether in connection with new products we introduce, or new production manufacturing locations added to our supply chain, which in some cases would require substantial ongoing investments to support additional capacity. In addition, we have previously encountered difficulties in the ability of our vendors to scale production commensurate with demand from our customers. While we rely on long-term relationships with many of our vendors, we do not rely on long-term contracts with our vendors and generally transact business with them on an order-by-order basis. PART I FORM 10-K | 15 
 Table of Contents Many of our imported products are subject to existing duties, tariffs and other similar trade restrictions that may limit the quantity or affect the price of some types of goods that we import into the United States, United Kingdom, Canada and Europe. We typically seek to reduce our exposures to any anti-dumping duties by minimizing our sourcing of products from countries where anti-dumping duties apply, however, such duties may apply to our products in the future, which in turn may cause us to reconsider sourcing certain targeted product groupings. In addition, substantial legal and regulatory uncertainty exists regarding international trade relations and trade policy. Global trade policy continues to evolve and the ultimate impact of recent developments with respect to U.S. tariffs is unclear. Throughout 2025, the U.S. government implemented multiple new tariff measures under various authorities, including the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (“IEEPA”) and Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, many of which were announced, modified, suspended, or reinstated with limited notice. These 2025 U.S. tariff actions included broad “reciprocal” tariff measures affecting imports from most countries and new Section 232 tariffs targeting wood and wood-containing furniture products. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a ruling striking down certain tariffs previously imposed under the IEEPA. Following the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision, the U.S. presidential administration announced its intention to invoke other laws to collect tariffs and announced new tariffs on imports from all countries, in addition to any existing non-IEEPA tariffs. There remains substantial uncertainty regarding the duration of existing and newly announced tariffs, potential changes or pauses to such tariffs, tariff levels, and whether further additional tariffs or other retaliatory actions may be imposed, modified, or suspended, and the impacts of such actions on our business. An introduction of new duties, tariffs, quotas or other similar trade restrictions, or increases in existing duties or tariff rates, on products imported into the United States, United Kingdom, Canada and Europe, whether actual, pending or threatened, may have a negative impact on our results of operations. Significant uncertainty exists as to whether and when tariffs may be reduced or imposed, and what countries may be implicated. Given that we cannot reasonably predict the timing or outcomes of trade actions by the U.S. government or other countries, the impact of such actions on our business and results of operations remains uncertain. Additionally, such uncertainties, even if not directly applicable to our imported products, may have a negative influence on the domestic and international economy generally and indirectly reduce market demand for our products. Recent events and geopolitical developments have resulted in substantial regulatory uncertainty regarding international trade and trade policy, which has led to market volatility. For example, the U.S. presidential administration and members of the U.S. Congress have called for substantial changes to tax policies, including the possible implementation of a border tax. Although a comprehensive border tax has not been enacted, the current and prior U.S. presidential administrations have raised the possibility of other initiatives that may affect importation of goods including renegotiation of trade agreements with other countries and the introduction of new or increased import duties or tariffs with respect to products from a number of different countries. The United States has imposed or proposed the imposition of new tariffs on products imported into the United States from a number of countries, including but not limited to China, Mexico, Canada and other countries, and may continue to modify, expand or increase such tariffs in the future. The review of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA) in 2026 by the parties to the agreement may also result in changes to U.S., Canada and Mexico trade, tariffs, and preferential treatment between the three countries. A significant subset of our products sourced from Asia has been affected by increased tariffs imposed in 2018, 2019 and 2025 and may be subject to further increased tariffs. Additionally, during 2025, tariffs on certain Chinese-origin goods were significantly increased before being partially suspended under short-term bilateral frameworks, creating further volatility and uncertainty. We rely upon vendors outside of the United States for the substantial majority of our products. As a result, the possible implementation of a border tax or new or increased tariffs could materially increase our cost of goods sold with respect to merchandise that we purchase from vendors who manufacture products outside the United States, which could in turn require us to increase our prices and, in the event consumer demand declines as a result, negatively affect our results of operations. Furthermore, certain of our competitors may be better positioned than us to withstand or react to border taxes, tariffs or other restrictions on global trade and as a result, we may lose market share to such competitors. Due to broad uncertainty regarding the timing, content and extent of any regulatory changes in the United States or abroad, we cannot predict the impact, if any, that these changes could have to our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also face uncertainty in the interpretation of new tariffs and their applicability, including with respect to customs valuation, product classification and country-of-origin determinations. Although we and our vendors seek to comply with applicable customs laws and regulations, the application of rules regarding new tariffs can be subject to varying interpretations or future re-interpretations. It is possible that U.S. Customs and Border Protection or other relevant authorities could, upon review or audit, disagree with the valuation, rules of origin or classification methods applied to certain merchandise. Any such disagreement could result in the retroactive assessment of additional duties with interest, the imposition of penalties, or other enforcement actions without the ability to mitigate such penalties, thereby adversely affecting our operations or financial results. This risk has increased as a result of 2025 U.S. tariff measures that rely heavily on product-specific harmonized tariff schedule (“HTS”) classifications, including the new Section 232 tariffs applicable to certain wooden kitchen cabinets, vanities, and upholstered wooden furniture. 16 | FORM 10-K PART I 
 Table of Contents In addition, the U.S. Government has imposed import restrictions under the Withhold Release Orders and under the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act for goods such as cotton, aluminum, polysilicon, and other targeted input products originating or allegedly originating from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region which may induce greater supply chain compliance costs and delays to us and to our vendors. We may not be able to anticipate the exact contours of tariffs and other burdens on global trade that become applicable and our efforts to respond to these circumstances may be inadequate. In particular, we may not be able to receive or sustain adequate pricing concessions from our vendors with respect to applicable tariffs and any applicable pricing increases that we seek to pass through to our customers may not be successful in achieving our objectives. Our sales may fall in response to any price increases, and our vendors may not be able to support the level of pricing concessions that we seek. Our dependence on foreign imports makes us vulnerable to other risks associated with products manufactured abroad, including, among other things, risks of damage, destruction or confiscation of products while in transit to our U.S. distribution centers; product quality control charges; trade restrictions, including without limitation trade sanctions and the loss of “most favored nation” trading status by our foreign trading partners with the United States; work stoppages, including without limitation as a result of events such as longshoremen strikes; transportation issues and other delays in shipments, including without limitation as a result of heightened security screening and inspection processes or other port-of-entry limitations or restrictions in the United States, United Kingdom or Europe; freight cost increases; political unrest; foreign government regulations; increased labor costs and other similar factors that might affect the operations of our vendors in or transacting with third parties in specific countries, such as China, Russia, Venezuela, Ukraine and the Middle East; and other restrictions resulting from geopolitical tensions. Increased port congestion and heightened inspection protocols associated with tariff enforcement actions could further contribute to supply chain delays. In addition to tariffs and import restrictions, evolving U.S. and international sanctions and export control regimes may restrict transactions with certain countries, entities, vessels, or financial institutions used in global trade, and could limit our ability or our vendors’ ability to procure inputs, arrange transportation, or receive payment, resulting in delays, increased compliance costs, or supply chain disruptions. In addition, there is a risk of compliance violations by our vendors, which could lead to adverse consequences related to the failure of our vendors to adhere to applicable manufacturing requirements or other applicable rules or regulations. Any such noncompliance could have an adverse impact on our business and may result in product recalls, regulatory action, product liabilities, investigation by governmental agencies and other similar adverse consequences. Any failure by our vendors outside the United States to adhere to applicable legal requirements or our global compliance standards, such as fair labor standards and prohibitions on forced labor and child labor, could give rise to a range of adverse consequences, including supply chain disruption, potential liability, harm to our reputation and brand, and boycotts by consumers or special interest groups, any of which could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Our growth strategy and performance depend on our ability to purchase quality merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices, including products that are produced by artisans and specialty vendors. Any disruptions we experience in our ability to obtain quality products in a timely fashion or in the quantities required could have a material adverse effect on our business. We purchase substantially all of our merchandise from a number of third-party vendors. Many such vendors are the sole sources for particular products, and we generally transact business with such vendors on an order-by-order basis without any long-term or other contractual assurances of continued supply, pricing or access to new products with our vendors. Therefore, we may be dependent on particular vendors that produce popular items, and any vendor could discontinue selling to us at any time. Any disruption affecting such vendors, whether due to regulatory action, labor shortages, geopolitical events, financial distress, or capacity constraints, among other factors, could materially disrupt the availability of specific products and adversely affect our sales and customer satisfaction. In addition, the expansion of our business into new markets or new product categories could put pressure on our ability to source sufficient quantities of our products from our vendors. In the event that one or more of our vendors is unable or unwilling to meet the quantity or quality of our product requirements, we may not be able to develop relationships with new vendors in a manner that is sufficient to supply the shortfall. We also may be required to develop such new vendor relationships in response to changes in our supply chain. Even if we do identify such new vendors, we may experience product shortages and customer backorders as we transition our product requirements to incorporate alternative suppliers. PART I FORM 10-K | 17 
 Table of Contents Furthermore, our growth strategy includes expanding our product assortment, and our performance depends on our ability to purchase our merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. However, many of our key products are produced by artisans, specialty vendors and other vendors that are small, undercapitalized or that may have limited production capacity, and we have from time to time in prior periods experienced supply constraints that have affected our ability to supply high demand items or new products due to such capacity and other limits in our vendor base. A number of our vendors, particularly our artisan vendors, may have limited financial or other resources and operating histories and may receive various forms of credit from us, including with respect to payment terms or other arrangements such as unsecured advance payments from us for orders. We also have provided financial support to some of our vendors seeking to expand or optimize their operations in order to meet our orders for products and any failure of such vendors to meet their financial or operational objectives may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Because the arrangements with our vendors are generally not exclusive, many of our vendors might be able to sell similar or identical products to our competitors or directly to consumers. Our competitors may enter into arrangements with suppliers that could impair our ability to sell those suppliers’ products, including by requiring suppliers to enter into exclusive arrangements, which could limit our ability to enter into arrangements with such suppliers or otherwise access their products. Such competitors may also purchase products in significantly greater volume than we do, which may enable them to sell the products at reduced cost or flood the market with similar products. Any difficulties that we experience in our ability to obtain products in sufficient quality and quantity from our vendors could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our results may be adversely affected by fluctuations in raw materials, energy and transportation costs and currency exchange rates. Increases in the prices of the components and raw materials used in our products and other costs such as transportation could negatively affect the sales of our merchandise and our product margins. For example, in recent periods the cost of sourcing our products has come under pressure from increased prices for raw materials and shipping, and tariffs and other trade restrictions and other costs. Our business may also be affected by changes in currency exchange rates and as we expand our business internationally, we may be increasingly exposed to risks related to currency values. Changes in prices for raw materials, energy and transportation and fluctuations in currency exchange rates are dependent on a number of factors beyond our control, including macroeconomic factors that may affect commodity prices (including prices for oil, lumber and cotton); changes in supply and demand; general economic conditions; rising interest rates; inflation; significant political events; labor costs; natural disasters, including as a result of climate change; duties and tariffs and other similar factors. Depending on the nature of changes in these different factors that affect our business, we may experience an adverse impact on our business for different reasons, such as increased costs of operation or lower demand for our products. Changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies, including the Vietnamese dong and Chinese yuan, may increase our vendors’ cost of business and ultimately our cost of goods sold, selling, general and administrative expenses, as well as our other expenses. If we are unable to pass such cost increases on to our customers or the higher cost of the products results in decreased demand for our products, our results of operations could be harmed. We are subject to risks associated with occupying substantial amounts of space, including future increases in occupancy costs. We are pursuing various alternatives to traditional leasing arrangements of our Gallery locations that may subject us to a range of risks related to real estate development, including risks related to construction and development of locations, risks related to the financing of commercial real estate and the market for commercial real estate. We lease nearly all of our retail locations, our outlet stores, our corporate headquarters, other storage and office space, and our distribution and home delivery facilities. The initial lease term of our retail locations generally ranges from ten to fifteen years, and certain leases contain renewal options for anywhere from ten to twenty-five years. The initial lease term for one of our Design Galleries is forty-six years and contains a renewal option for five years. Most leases for our retail locations provide for a minimum rent, typically including escalating rent amounts, plus a percentage rent based upon sales after certain minimum thresholds are achieved, as well as common area maintenance charges, real property insurance and real estate taxes. 18 | FORM 10-K PART I 
 Table of Contents We have in the past, and may in the future, pursue other models for the transformation of our real estate beyond a traditional leasing approach, including real estate development or joint venture models, or lease models where a substantial portion of the capital requirement is funded by the landlord. While these alternative models are designed to achieve superior financial returns compared to traditional real estate lease structures for a retail business, they may also expose us to a broader range of risks. For example, our real estate development model may create risks related to our ability to execute a successful sale-leaseback transaction. Similarly, joint venture arrangements, where we share development upside with third parties such as developers or landlords, may result in greater-than-anticipated capital funding requirements or lower financial returns than if we pursued our own real estate development model. In fiscal 2020, we ent