ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The following factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this report and presented elsewhere by the Trustee from time to time. Such factors may have a material adverse effect upon the Trust’s financial condition, distributable income and changes in trust corpus. The following discussion of risk factors should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . Because of these and other factors, past financial performance should not be considered an indication of future performance. The Trust may not have sufficient cash to meet its obligations during the one-year period after the date that the financial statements are issued, and the Trustee has reviewed and intends to continue to review alternatives to the Trust continuing as a going concern. All three of the Trust’s conveyances are in excess costs resulting in no net proceeds to the Trust and a reduction in the Trust’s expense reserve, which have resulted in no unitholder distributions since July 2023. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Trust’s ability to continue as a going concern as the Trust does not have sufficient cash to meet its obligations during the one-year period after the date the financial statements are issued. The Trust’s financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement in 2024, XTO Energy advanced $500,000 to the Trust (which may be recouped, together with interest from what would otherwise be distributable net profits under any of the three conveyances; provided, however, that such recoupment does not leave the Trust with less than $250,000 of available cash). In the second quarter of 2025, XTO Energy provided the Trust with a second advance distribution of $500,000 (net to the Trust) that was intended to provide the Trustee of the Trust with liquidity to meet current and near-term financial reporting obligations. The terms of the second advance distribution are the same as the terms of the first advance distribution. There are no assurances that even with such advances, the Trust will receive net profits income sufficient to pay its obligations during the one-year period after the date the financial statements are issued. The Trustee has sought sources of financing, but currently believes that financing in an amount sufficient to satisfy the Trust's long-term liquidity needs is unlikely to be a viable option for the Trust moving forward. Nothing in the Trust Indenture obligates the Trustee to pay for the Trust’s expenses if the Trust’s cash reserves were to be completely depleted, and the Trustee currently does not intend to advance funds to the Trust. As a result, the Trustee has reviewed and intends to continue to review options for the Trust, which may include alternatives to the Trust continuing as a going concern such as seeking to terminate the Trust or marketing the Trust’s interests (which are net profits interests burdened by excess costs) for a potential sale. The Trustee has reached out to potential third parties regarding interest in the Trust’s assets, but no interest has resulted from such discussions. As a result, the Trustee believes a potential sale of the Trust’s assets may be unlikely in the near term, however it will continue to consider any and all viable options. Even if a sale of the Trust assets were to occur, there is no assurance that the proceeds would result in funds to distribute to unitholders after all financial obligations of the Trust are met. Any material sale of assets and/or termination of the Trust requires unitholder approval by at least 80 percent of all outstanding units. Once the Trust's cash reserves are depleted (anticipated to occur in the second quarter of 2026), the Trust will likely be unable to continue to make SEC filings, provide reporting to unitholders, or provide audited financial statements or third-party reserve reports. As a result, the unitholders and potential investors may have limited or no information on which to base investment decisions, which could have a negative impact on the market price for the Trust units and would likely result in removal of Trust units from the OTCQB. If the Trust is unable to continue as a going concern, unitholders could incur significant losses on their investment in the Trust or lose their entire investment in the Trust altogether. For further information see Item 7. Trustee’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources . The market price for the Trust units may not reflect the value of the net profits interests held by the Trust. The public trading price for the Trust units has historically been tied to the recent and expected levels of cash distributions on the Trust units. However, no cash distribution has occurred for 32 months as of the date of this report, March 31, 2026. The amounts available for distribution by the Trust vary in response to numerous factors outside the control of the Trust, or Mach, including prevailing prices for oil and natural gas produced from the underlying properties. The market price of the Trust units is not necessarily indicative of the value that the Trust would realize if the net profits interests were sold to a third-party buyer. In addition, such market price is not necessarily reflective of the fact that, since the assets of the Trust are depleting assets, a portion of each cash distribution paid on the Trust units should be considered by investors as a return of capital, with the remainder being considered as a return on investment. There is no guarantee that distributions made to a unitholder over the life of these depleting assets will equal or exceed the purchase price paid by the unitholder or that distributions from the Trust will resume in 2026 or at all. Current and future oil and natural gas prices fluctuate due to a number of uncontrollable factors, and any decline will adversely affect the net proceeds payable to the Trust and Trust distributions. The Trust’s monthly cash distributions are highly dependent upon the prices realized from the sale of natural gas and oil. Oil and natural gas prices can fluctuate widely on a month-to-month basis in response to a variety of factors that are beyond the control of the Trust, and Mach. Factors that contribute to price fluctuations include instability in oil-producing regions, worldwide economic conditions, weather conditions, trade barriers, tariffs, political instability, public health concerns, the supply of domestic and foreign oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids, consumer demand, the price and availability of alternative fuels, the proximity to, and capacity of, transportation facilities and the effect of worldwide energy conservation measures. Moreover, government regulations, such as regulation of natural gas transportation and price controls, environmental regulations, production restrictions, trade barriers, or tariffs, can affect product prices. Oil and natural gas prices fluctuated widely over the recent past and may vary significantly from period to period. Further, a significant decline in current oil or natural gas prices or lower anticipated long-term prices could have a material adverse effect on the amount of oil and natural gas that is economic to produce, Trust net profits (and therefore cash available for distribution to unitholders) and proved reserves attributable to the Trust’s interests. Adjustments impacting volume or value could also impact the reported natural gas and oil prices. The volatility of energy prices reduces the predictability of future cash distributions to Trust unitholders. 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Higher production expense and/or development costs, without concurrent increases in revenue, will directly decrease the net proceeds payable to the Trust. Certain claimed production expenses by Mach may reduce or eliminate distributions to unitholders for extended periods of time. Production expense and development costs are deducted in the calculation of the Trust’s share of net proceeds. Accordingly, higher or lower production expense and development costs, without concurrent changes in revenue, will directly decrease or increase the amount received by the Trust. If development costs and production expense for underlying properties in a particular state exceed the production proceeds from the properties (as has been the case with respect to the properties underlying all three of the Trust’s conveyances for the 33 months preceding the date of this report), the Trust will not receive net profits income for those properties until future net proceeds from production in that state exceed the total of the excess costs plus accrued interest during the deficit period. Development activities may not generate sufficient additional revenue to repay the costs. Additionally, Mach has advised the Trustee that there are no budgeted development costs for the underlying properties for 2026. See