Item 1A. Risk Factors Before deciding to invest in Ziff Davis or to maintain or increase your investment, you should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC, including our subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our business. If any of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties actually occur, our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock will likely decline and you may lose part or all of your investment. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Risks Related To Our Business • If we are unable to identify and execute new acquisitions or execute on investment strategies, our growth may be negatively impacted. • Acquisitions may disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. • The majority of our revenue within our Digital Media Businesses is derived from short-term advertising arrangements, and our Digital Media Businesses may lose or be unable to attract advertisers if they cannot develop, commission, or acquire compelling content, if they cannot attract users to mobile offerings, or if advertisers’ marketing budgets are cut or reduced. • We face risks associated with system failures, cybersecurity breaches, and other technological issues. • We face risks associated with the unauthorized use of our content and the infringement of our intellectual property rights by developers and users of generative artificial intelligence (“AI”). • We face risks associated with changes in our tax rates, changes in tax treatment of companies engaged in e-commerce, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, assessments or audits by taxing authorities, and potential exposure to additional tax liabilities (including with respect to sales and use, telecommunications, or similar taxes). • We face risks associated with weakened global and U.S. economic conditions, volatility in the economy, and political instability. • The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be successful in growing our brands or revenue. • If the distribution of Consensus, together with certain related transactions, does not qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Ziff Davis, Consensus, and Ziff Davis stockholders could be subject to significant tax liabilities. • Our business is highly dependent on our billing systems functioning properly, and we face risks associated with credit and debit card declines and merchant standards imposed by credit and debit card companies. • We face potential liability for various types of legal claims, and we may be engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could divert significant operational resources and our management’s time and attention. • Our businesses depend in part on attracting visitors to our websites from search engines. • We may be subject to risks from international operations, including risks associated with currency fluctuations and foreign exchange controls and other adverse changes in global financial markets, including unforeseen global crises such as war, strife, strikes, global health pandemics, as well as risks associated with international laws and regulations. • We may be found to infringe the intellectual property rights of others, and we may be unable to adequately protect our own intellectual property rights. • Our business is dependent on the supply of services and other business requirements from other companies. • Our business is dependent on our retention of our executive officers and senior management, and our ability to hire and retain key personnel. • We are exposed to risk if we cannot maintain or adhere to our internal controls and procedures. -13- • Divestitures or other dispositions could negatively impact our business, and contingent liabilities from businesses that we have sold could adversely affect our financial statements. • Potential indemnification liabilities to third-parties could materially and adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. • ESG matters, as well as related reporting obligations, expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance. Risks Related To Our Industries • We are subject to a variety of new, existing, and changing laws and regulations, across both domestic and international markets, which could subject us to claims, judgments, monetary liabilities, and other remedies, as well as increased compliance and defense costs and limitations on our business practices. • We operate across many different markets and are subject to a rapidly evolving landscape of laws and self-regulatory regimes in the United States and internationally. Compliance with these obligations may require operational changes, lead to a significant compliance costs, and may limit our ability to collect, use, or monetize data. • We may face various government and private actions, laws, or self-regulatory regimes regarding cybersecurity and data privacy, security, and protection, with uncertain interpretations and potentially significant costs and risks, particularly with respect to health data and other sensitive data. Additionally, data laws may restrict our ability to use and monetize certain data, and expose us to significant compliance costs, disputes, and regulatory enforcement. • Developments in the healthcare industry and associated regulations could adversely affect our business, including our Everyday Health Group set of brands. • Our business could suffer if providers of broadband internet access services block, impair or degrade our services. • Our business faces risks associated with advertisement blocking technologies and advertising click fraud. • The industries in which we operate are undergoing rapid technological changes, and we may not be able to keep up. Risks Related To Our Liquidity and Indebtedness • Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial flexibility and our competitive position, and we require significant cash to service our debt and fund our capital requirements. • We face risks associated with the 1.75% Convertible Notes, the 3.625% Convertible Notes, the 4.625% Senior Notes, and our revolving credit facility (collectively referred to herein as our “Outstanding Debt”), including the possibility of changes in interest deductions, triggering of the conditional conversion features, lack of funds to settle conversions, redemptions or repurchases of notes, and imposition of restrictions on future debt. Risks Related To Our Stock • Certain features of our Outstanding Debt may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial attempt to take over our Company or otherwise restructure our business operations. • Conversions of the 1.75% Convertible Notes and the 3.625% Convertible Notes (collectively, the “Convertible Notes”) would dilute the ownership interest of our existing stockholders. • We are a holding company and our operations are conducted through, and substantially all of our assets are held by, our subsidiaries, which may be subject to certain restrictions on their ability to (i) pay dividends to us, (ii) to fund any dividends on our stock, (iii) pay interest on our Outstanding Debt, or (iv) fund other holding company expenses. • We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or will enhance long-term stockholders value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of the trading price of our common stock and diminish our cash reserves. • Future sales of our common stock may negatively affect our stock price. • Anti-takeover provisions could negatively impact our stockholders. • Our stock price may be volatile or may decline due to various reasons, including variations between actual results and investor expectations, industry and regulatory changes, introduction of new services by our competitors, developments with respect to IP rights, geopolitical events such as war, threat of war or terrorist actions, and global health pandemics, among others. -14- Risks Related To Our Business If we are unable to identify and execute new acquisitions or execute on investment strategies, our growth may be negatively impacted. Acquisitions and investments in our business have historically played a significant role in our growth, and we anticipate that they will continue to do so. We plan to acquire additional or invest in new or current businesses, products, services and technologies that complement or augment our service offerings and customer base in order to enhance our rate of growth. We may not successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates or investment strategies, manage disparate technologies, lines of business, personnel and corporate cultures, realize our business strategy or the expected return on our investment, or manage a geographically dispersed company. In addition, while we conduct due diligence prior to consummating an acquisition, joint venture or business collaboration, such diligence may not identify all material issues associated with such activities and we may be exposed to additional risk due to such acquisition, joint venture, or business collaboration. We may also face competition for acquisitions from larger competitors that may have more extensive financial resources, which may increase the cost or limit the availability of acquisitions. If we are unable to identify and execute on acquisitions or execute on our investment strategies, our revenues, business, prospects, operating results, and cash flows could suffer. We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions that could disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. We intend to continue to develop new services, enhance existing services and expand our geographic presence through acquisitions of other companies, service lines, technologies, and personnel. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including the following: • Difficulties in integrating the operations, systems, technologies, products, and personnel of the acquired businesses; • Difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors in such markets may have stronger market positions; • Diversion of management’s attention from normal daily operations of the business and the challenges of managing larger and more widespread operations resulting from acquisitions; and • The potential loss of key employees, customers, distributors, vendors, and other business partners of the businesses we acquire. Acquisitions may also cause us to: • Use a substantial portion of our cash resources or incur debt; • Significantly increase our interest expense, leverage, and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition; • Assume liabilities; • Issue common stock that would dilute our current stockholders’ percentage ownership; • Record goodwill and intangible assets that are subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges; • Incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets; and • Become subject to intellectual property or other litigation. When we acquire a business, a substantial portion of the purchase price of the acquisition is allocated to goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. We review goodwill for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of those assets is more likely than not impaired. While we may engage with valuation specialists, our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on experience and to rely heavily on projections of future operating performance. Our projections of our future operating results and cash flows may vary significantly from our actual results. We have previously, and may in future periods, determine that all or a portion of our goodwill or intangible assets are impaired, and we may be required to write down these assets, which would have a negative effect on our consolidated financial statements. Mergers and acquisitions are inherently risky and subject to many factors outside of our control. We cannot give assurances that our previous or future acquisitions will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our business, -15- operating results, or financial condition. Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions could materially harm our business and operating results. In addition, our effective tax rate for future periods is uncertain and could be impacted by mergers and acquisitions. The majority of our revenue within our Digital Media Businesses is derived from short-term advertising arrangements, and a reduction in spending by or loss of current or potential advertisers would cause our revenue and operating results to decline. In most cases, our agreements with advertisers have a term of one year or less and may be terminated at any time by the advertiser or by us without penalty. We believe that advertising on the internet, as in traditional media, fluctuates significantly as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. Some of these factors include (a) budget constraints of our advertisers, (b) cancellations or delays of projects by our advertisers due to numerous factors, including but not limited to, supply chain issues and any significant changes to free trade agreements, trade protection measures, tariffs and other trade regulations, laws, and policies, (c) the cyclical and discretionary nature of advertising spending, (d) general economic, internet-related, and media industry conditions, (e) tax, tariffs, and other legislation and regulation, as well as (f) extraordinary events, such as war, acts of terrorism or aggression, extreme weather events including as exacerbated by climate change, and pandemics or other public health crises. The state of the global economy and availability of capital has impacted and could further impact the advertising spending patterns of existing and potential advertisers. Continued reduction in spending by, or loss of, existing or potential advertisers would negatively impact our revenue and operating results. Further, we may be unable to adjust our expenses and capital expenditures quickly enough to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. If we are unable to develop, commission, or acquire compelling content for our Digital Media Businesses at acceptable prices, our expenses may increase, the number of visitors to our online properties may not grow, or may decline, and/or visitors’ level of engagement with our websites may decline, any of which could harm our operating results. Our future success depends in part on the ability of our Digital Media Businesses to aggregate compelling content and deliver that content through our online properties. Users are increasingly demanding high-quality content and services including more video and mobile-specific content. Such content and services may require us to make substantial payments to third parties if we are unable to develop content of our own. Our ability to maintain and build relationships with such third-party providers is critical to our success. In addition, as new methods for accessing the internet become available, including through alternative devices, we may need to enter into amended agreements with existing third-party providers to cover the new devices. We may be unable to enter into new, or preserve existing, relationships with the third parties whose content or services we seek to obtain. In addition, as competition for compelling content increases both domestically and internationally, our third-party providers may increase the prices at which they offer their content and services to us and potential providers may not offer their content or services to us at all, or may offer them on terms that are not agreeable to us. An increase in the prices charged to us by third-party providers could harm our operating results and financial condition. Further, many of our content and services licenses with third parties are non-exclusive. Accordingly, other media providers may be able to offer similar or identical content. This increases the importance of our ability to deliver compelling content and personalization of this content for users in order to differentiate our properties from other businesses. Although we generally develop compelling content of our own, when we are unable to do so, we engage freelance services or obtain licensed content which may not be at reasonable prices and which could harm our operating results. In our Digital Media Businesses, if we are unable to prove that our advertising and sponsorship solutions provide an attractive return on investment for our customers, our financial results could be harmed. Our ability to grow revenue from our Digital Media Businesses is dependent on our ability to demonstrate to marketers that their marketing campaigns with us provide a meaningful return on investment (“ROI”) relative to offline and other online opportunities. Certain of the marketing campaigns with respect to our Digital Media Businesses are designed such that the revenues received are based entirely upon the ROI delivered for customers. Our Digital Media Businesses has invested significant resources in developing its research, analytics, and campaign effectiveness capabilities and expects to continue to do so in the future. Our ability, however, to demonstrate the value of advertising and sponsorship on Digital Media Businesses properties depends, in part, on the sophistication of the analytics and measurement capabilities, the actions taken by our competitors to enhance their offerings, whether we meet the ROI expectations of our customers, and a number of other factors. If we are unable to maintain sophisticated marketing and communications solutions that provide value to our customers or demonstrate our ability to provide value to our customers, our financial results will be harmed. A system failure, security breach, cyberattack, or other technological risk could delay or interrupt service to our customers, harm our reputation and business, lead to a loss of customers, or subject us to significant liability. -16- Our operations are dependent on our network being free from material interruption by damage from fire, earthquake, or other natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, or any other events beyond our control. Similarly, the operations of our partners and other third parties with which we work are also susceptible to the same risks. There can be no assurance that our existing and planned precautions of backup systems, regular data backups, security protocols, and other procedures will be adequate to prevent significant damage, system failure or data loss, and the same is true for our partners, vendors, and other third parties on which we rely. These precautions may change over time as laws and regulations regarding data privacy, security, and protection of information change. We face a wide variety of cyberattacks including attempts to gain unauthorized access to customer accounts. Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated cybercrimes and cyberattacks, including computer viruses and other malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, denial-of-service attacks, phishing, social engineering, hacking, and other types of attacks, pose a risk to the security and availability of our information technology systems, networks, products, solutions, and services, including those that are managed, hosted, provided, or used by third parties (and which may not provide the same level of information security as our own products, systems, or solutions), as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data and the data of our customers, partners, consumers, employees, stockholders, suppliers and others. Also, many of our services are web-based, and the amount of data we store for our users has been increasing. Despite the implementation of security measures, our infrastructure, and that of our partners, vendors, and other third parties may be vulnerable to computer viruses, errors, bugs, defects, hackers, or similar disruptive problems caused by our vendors, partners, other third parties, subscribers, employees, or other internet users who attempt to invade public and private data networks. As seen in the industries in which we operate and others, these activities have been, and will continue to be, subject to continually evolving cybersecurity and technological risks. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of AI technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks, as we may be unable to keep pace with the increasing sophistication of AI-based cybersecurity threats. Cyberattacks have become more difficult to detect and respond to since they increasingly employ AI and machine learning techniques, such as generative AI-phishing, deepfake impersonations, automated vulnerability discovery, adaptive malware, and large-scale credential-stuffing campaigns. Further, in some cases we do not have in place disaster recovery facilities for certain ancillary services. A significant portion of our operations relies heavily on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other sensitive data. For example, a significant number of our Cybersecurity & Martech customers authorize us to bill them directly for all transaction fees charged by us. We rely on encryption and authentication technology to effect secure transmission of confidential information, including customer financial information, which is highly dependent on our billing systems functioning. Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography, or other developments may result in a material compromise or breach of the technology used by us, our partners, our vendors, or other third parties to protect transaction and other confidential data. Any system failure or security breach that causes interruptions or data loss in and to our operations and systems or those of our partners, vendors, customers, or other third parties, whether due to human error, including related to the improper use of AI, or misconduct, system errors, or vulnerabilities in our or our third party service providers’ products, systems, or solutions, or which leads to the misappropriation of our or our customers’ confidential information, including as a result of the introduction of new and emerging technologies such as AI, could result in a significant liability to us (including in the form of judicial decisions and/or settlements, regulatory findings and/or forfeitures, and other means), cause considerable harm to us and our reputation (including requiring notification to customers, regulators, and/or the media), cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, and deter current and potential customers from using our services. We use vendors to assist with cybersecurity risks, but these vendors may not be able to assist us adequately in preparing for or responding to a cybersecurity incident. We maintain insurance related to cybersecurity risks, but this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses from any breaches or other adverse consequences related to a cybersecurity event. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows, or a negative impact to our reputation could cause us to suffer other negative consequences. For example, we may incur costs related to the investigation of data breaches (including for forensic analysis, legal advice, and breach notifications); remediation costs (such as liability for stolen assets or information, repairs of system damage, and incentives to customers or business partners in an effort to maintain relationships after an attack); increased cybersecurity protection costs (which may include the costs of making organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, recruiting people with specific expertise, and engaging third-party experts and consultants); lost revenues resulting from (i) the unauthorized use of proprietary information, (ii) the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack, or (iii) the diversion of our resources away from revenue-generating activity and towards remediation activity; litigation and legal risks (including regulatory actions by state and federal governmental authorities and non-U.S. authorities); increased insurance premiums; reputational damage that adversely affects customer or investor confidence; damage -17- to our competitiveness and stock price; and diminished long-term shareholder value. To date, such events have not resulted in the material impairment of our business operations. Generative AI and related technologies could present risks and challenges to our business. Developments in the use of generative AI and related technologies make it easier to access, duplicate, and distribute our content, or otherwise generate output based on our content, without authorization, fair compensation, or proper attribution. These technologies may reduce our online traffic and audience sizes, infringe our intellectual property rights, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our reputation may also be harmed if these technologies wrongly attribute inaccurate information to us. We seek to limit such threats which are significantly more acute with respect to certain of our Digital Media Businesses; however, policing unauthorized use of our content and intellectual property is often difficult and the steps taken by us may not prevent misuse and infringement of our intellectual property. Although we seek to minimize such threats to our businesses, particularly with respect to our Digital Media Businesses, we expect to continue to be subject to them and there can be no assurance that we will not experience a negative impact on our business as a result of them. The use of copyrighted material by generative AI and related technologies has not been fully interpreted by federal, state, or international courts, and the legal and regulatory framework for generative AI continues to evolve and remains uncertain. It is possible that new laws and regulations will be adopted in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or existing laws and regulations may be interpreted in new ways, which may affect how operators of generative AI and related technologies seek to use our content. For example, in 2024 California enacted a range of laws regulating the use and development of AI, which generally relate to transparency, privacy, and fairness, among other concerns. Furthermore, in Europe the EU’s AI Act began to apply on February 2, 2025, with remaining requirements becoming effective on a staggered basis until August 2027. The EU AI Act will impose material requirements on both providers and users of AI technologies, and will prohibit certain AI practices, with infringement punishable by sanctions of up to 7% of annual worldwide turnover or 35 million euros, whichever is higher. We are still evaluating the impact of these laws on our business. The cost for us to enforce such laws and regulations, or otherwise protect our content and intellectual property rights, could be significant. Moreover, any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with new laws or regulations concerning AI could have an adverse impact on our business. Anticipated further evolution of regulations and legislation on this topic may substantially increase the penalties to which we could be subject in the event of any non-compliance. Compliance with these laws is challenging, constantly evolving and time consuming and federal regulators, state attorney generals and plaintiff’s attorneys have been and will likely continue to be active in this space. We may incur substantial expense in complying with legal obligations to be imposed by new regulations and we may be required to make significant changes to our solutions and expanding business operations, all of which may adversely affect our operations. On April 24, 2025, we filed a lawsuit against OpenAI, Inc. alleging copyright infringement, violations of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, unjust enrichment and trademark dilution as a result of OpenAI’s unlawful and unauthorized copying and use of our content. See Item 3 – Legal Proceedings for additional information. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in this litigation, or in preventing other generative AI developers from using our content without authorization or fair compensation. Our business, brand, financial condition and results of operations may suffer as a result. The use of AI by our workforce may present risks to our business. Our workforce is exposed to and uses AI technologies for certain tasks related to our business. We have guidelines and policies concerning the use of AI tools in the workplace. Nevertheless, the use of these AI tools, whether authorized or unauthorized, by our workforce, poses potential risks relating to the protection of data, including cybersecurity risk, exposure of our proprietary confidential information to unauthorized recipients, and the misuse of our or third-party intellectual property. Use of AI technology by our workforce, even if consistent with our guidelines, may result in allegations or claims against us related to a violation(s) of third-party intellectual property or other rights, unauthorized access to or use of proprietary information, and failure to comply with open-source software requirements. In addition, our employees use AI tools for various design and engineering tasks such as writing code, and these tools may produce inaccurate responses that could lead to errors in our decision-making, solution development or other business activities, which could have a negative impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Our ability to mitigate these risks will depend on our provision of effective training, monitoring and enforcement of appropriate policies, guidelines and procedures, and compliance by our workforce. Changes in our tax rates, changes in tax treatment of companies engaged in e-commerce, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities may adversely impact our financial results. We are subject to income taxes in the United States (both federal and state) and in certain foreign jurisdictions. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without notice. New tax laws, regulations and administrative practices could be enacted or adopted at any time, and existing tax laws, regulations and administrative practices could be interpreted, modified, or applied adversely to us, possibly with retroactive effect. These changes may adversely impact our effective tax rate and harm our financial position and results of operations. -18- We are currently under or subject to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and other domestic and foreign tax authorities and government bodies for both direct and indirect taxes. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our income tax and other tax reserves. If our reserves are not sufficient to cover these contingencies, such inadequacy could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. In addition, due to the global nature of the internet, it is possible that various states or foreign countries might attempt to impose additional or new taxes, including digital services taxes, or regulations on our business. Tax authorities at the international, federal, state, and local levels are currently reviewing the appropriate treatment of companies engaged in e-commerce and online advertising. The application of existing, new, or revised taxes on our business would likely increase the cost of doing business online and decrease the attractiveness of selling products and advertising over the internet. The application of these taxes on our business could also create significant increases in internal costs necessary to capture data and collect and remit taxes. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. Furthermore, much of our Digital Media Businesses’ e-commerce revenue comes from arrangements in which we are paid by retailers to promote their digital product and service offers on our sites. Certain states have implemented regulations that require retailers to collect and remit sales taxes on sales made to residents of such states if a publisher, such as us, that facilitated that sale is a resident of such state. Paid retailers in our marketplace that do not currently have a sales tax nexus in any state that subsequently passes similar regulations and in which we have operations, employees, or contractors now or in the future, may significantly alter the manner in which they pay us, cease paying us for sales we facilitate for that retailer in such state, or cease using our marketplace, each of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected, or in the future should collect sales and use, telecommunications, or similar taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future tax, which could adversely affect our operating results. We believe we remit state and local sales and use, excise, utility user, and ad valorem taxes, as well as fees and surcharges or other similar obligations, in all relevant jurisdictions in which we generate sales, based on our understanding of the applicable laws in those jurisdictions. Such tax, fee, and surcharge laws and rates vary greatly by jurisdiction, and the application of each of them to e-commerce businesses, such as ours, is a complex and evolving area. The jurisdictions where we have sales may apply more rigorous enforcement efforts or take more aggressive positions in the future that could result in greater tax liability. In addition, in the future we may also decide to engage in activities that would require us to pay sales and use, telecommunications, or similar taxes in new jurisdictions. Such tax assessments, penalties and interest or future requirements may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. Weakened global and U.S. economic conditions, volatility in the economy, and political instability may adversely affect us and certain of our customers, which may result in, among other things, decreased usage and advertising levels, as well as decreased customer acquisition and customer retention rates and, in turn, could lead to a decrease in our revenues or rate of revenue growth. Our overall performance depends in part on general global and U.S. economic conditions. Weakened global and U.S. economic conditions (including reduced economic growth, recessions, inflationary conditions, fluctuating interest rates, and increased unemployment), volatility in the economy, tariffs and trade protection measures, and political instability may affect the global economy, and therefore, us and certain of our customers. Among other things, such conditions may lead, and have in the past led, to decreased usage of our services, decreased retention rates, decreased advertising, e-commerce, subscription or other revenues, and increased costs. The impact of pandemics or outbreaks of infectious diseases, and the reactions of governmental and public health authorities and others, may disrupt economic activity, resulting in reduced commercial and consumer confidence and spending, increased unemployment, closure or restricted operating conditions for businesses, inflation, volatility in the global economy, instability in the credit and financial markets, labor shortages, and disruption in supply chains. These each may impact, and have in the past impacted, our revenues and profitability. For example, in connection with certain global conflicts, the United States and other governments have imposed severe economic sanctions and export controls and have threatened additional sanctions and controls. The full impact of these measures, or of any potential responses to them by the countries involved, on the businesses and results of operations or our customers or us is unknown. Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business. Climate change may have an adverse impact on our business locations, and those of our customers and vendors. For example, our business locations, or those of our customers and vendors, may experience adverse climate-related events, including fluctuations in temperature or water availability, floods, wildfires (and resultant air quality impacts), other unusual or -19- prolonged adverse weather patterns, and power shutoffs associated with these events. A climate-related event that destroys or disrupts any of our critical systems could severely impact our ability to conduct business, and we cannot ensure that our systems and data centers will remain fully operational during and immediately after such an event or disruption. Climate-related events also pose risks to our employees’ ability to stay connected and perform their job duties, particularly for those who work from home. We may experience increased employee turnover, business losses or additional costs to maintain or resume operations due to climate-related events. In addition, changes in regulatory requirements, markets and shareholder expectations regarding climate change may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are assessing and managing the climate-related risks to our operations, including through our Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, but we cannot ensure that we are fully able to assess or manage such risks. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and some of our competitors may have greater resources to commit to growth, superior technologies, cheaper pricing, or more effective marketing strategies. Also, we face significant competition for users, advertisers, publishers, developers, and distributors. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and are undergoing rapid technological changes. Some of our competitors include major companies with much greater resources and significantly larger customer bases than we have. Some of these competitors offer their services at lower prices than we do. These companies may be able to develop and expand their network infrastructures and capabilities more quickly, adapt more swiftly to new or emerging technologies, including AI implementations, and changes in customer requirements, take advantage of acquisition and other opportunities more readily, and devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products and services than we can. There can be no assurance that additional competitors will not enter markets that we are currently serving and plan to serve or that we will be able to compete effectively. Competitive pressures may reduce our revenue, operating profits, or both. Our Digital Media Businesses face competition from online media companies as well as from social networking sites, mobile applications, traditional print and broadcast media, general purpose and search engines, generative AI, and various e-commerce sites. Our Connectivity business faces competition from connectivity analytics providers and network testing sites. Our Cybersecurity & Martech business faces competition from cloud software services and applications across several categories, including secured communications, cybersecurity, and marketing technology. Several of our competitors offer an integrated variety of software and internet products, advertising services, technologies, online services, and content. We compete against these and other companies to attract and retain subscribers, users, advertisers, partners, and developers. We also compete with social media and networking sites which are attracting a substantial and increasing share of users and users’ online time, and may continue to attract an increasing share of online advertising dollars. In addition, several competitors offer products and services that directly compete for users with our business offerings. Similarly, the advertising networks operated by our competitors or by other participants in the display marketplace offer services that directly compete with our offerings for advertisers, including advertising exchanges, ad networks, demand side platforms, ad serving technologies, and sponsored search offerings. We also compete with traditional print and broadcast media companies to attract advertising spending. Some of our existing competitors and possible entrants may have greater brand recognition for certain products and services, more expertise in a particular segment of