Item 1. Business Overview Ziff Davis, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (“Ziff Davis”, the “Company”, “our”, “us”, or “we”), is a vertically focused digital media and internet company whose portfolio includes leading brands in technology, shopping, gaming and entertainment, health and wellness, connectivity, cybersecurity, and martech. Our digital media businesses specialize in publishing and producing trusted editorial content and tools for users seeking information and advice relating to the technology, shopping, gaming and entertainment, and health and wellness markets, and offer services to consumers and businesses. Our connectivity business develops actionable broadband network intelligence and insights through data collection and analysis, and delivers products and services that facilitate improvements in network performance to enterprises that provide or rely on broadband networks, including through the provision of hardware and software used for planning and assessing the performance of wi-fi networks. Our cybersecurity and marketing technology business provides internet-delivered cloud-based subscription and licensed services to consumers and businesses including cybersecurity, privacy, and digital marketing tools. Our Growth Strategy In addition to growing our business organically, we regularly acquire businesses to grow our customer bases, expand and diversify our service offerings, enhance our technologies, acquire skilled personnel, and enter into new markets. Our programmatic approach to mergers and acquisitions (“M&A”) is a tenet of our capital allocation strategy, which seeks to optimize the allocation of our investable capital, including the free cash flow generated by our businesses, to M&A, share repurchases, and the strengthening of our balance sheet. From 2012 through 2025, we have deployed approximately $3.3 billion on nearly 100 acquisitions across the globe in a variety of verticals (exclusive of any acquisitions that were part of businesses we have since divested). Our systemic and repeatable M&A process allows us to execute a large volume of M&A with velocity and conviction. Our M&A program is built on a rigorous and analytical approach that leverages deep industry knowledge, technological expertise, and investment acumen. Our evaluation criteria for potential acquisitions varies by sector, but value-oriented fundamentals are a central factor in every transaction we evaluate. We seek to acquire businesses that can generate predictable growing free cash flow over long time horizons. The primary metric we use to differentiate opportunities in our M&A pipeline is the expected internal rate of return that the potential acquisition will generate for Ziff Davis. While we take a disciplined approach to the evaluation of M&A, we have significant flexibility when it comes to the types of transactions we are capable of evaluating and executing. We have acquired venture-backed growth companies, distressed businesses, complex corporate carve-outs, founder-owned businesses, public companies, and private equity-backed businesses. We also have a multi-faceted approach to transaction sourcing that ranges from participation in sell-side auctions led by investment banks to the sourcing of proprietary transactions through our executive network. Acquisitions broadly fall into one of two categories at Ziff Davis: (1) tuck-ins or (2) platform acquisitions. Our tuck-in acquisitions are typically focused on the acquisition of: (a) a customer base, (b) a strong but under monetized media audience or (c) a new product or service that can be sold to our existing customers or audience. Platform acquisitions are businesses at scale that can stand on their own within Ziff Davis and which we believe have the potential to serve as a platform for future M&A. Since 2012, the majority of our acquisitions by deal count -3- have been tuck-ins. However, over the same period of time, the capital allocated to tuck-ins versus platform acquisitions has been more evenly balanced. We continue to pursue additional acquisitions, which may include companies operating in lines of business that differ from those we operate under today. Such acquisitions could impact our consolidated profit margins and the variability of our revenues. Our Business Our consolidated revenues are currently generated primarily from five reportable segments: (1) Technology & Shopping, (2) Gaming & Entertainment, (3) Health & Wellness, (collectively, our “Digital Media Businesses”), (4) Connectivity, and (5) Cybersecurity & Martech. Our Digital Media Businesses are driven primarily by advertising and performance marketing revenues and have relatively higher sales and marketing expenses. Our Connectivity and Cybersecurity & Martech businesses are driven primarily by subscription and licensing revenues with relatively stable and predictable margins from quarter to quarter. The primary types of revenues that we generate are described below. Advertising and Performance Marketing - We sell online display and video advertising on our owned-and-operated websites and applications and on third-party sites. We have contractual arrangements with advertisers either directly or through agencies. The terms of these contracts specify the price of the advertising to be sold and the volume of advertisements that will be served over the course of a campaign. Additionally, we have contractual arrangements with certain third-party websites and applications not owned by us, and third-party advertising networks to deliver online display and video advertising to their websites and applications or to third-party sites. We generate leads for advertisers, including vendors of consumer health and wellness products, consumer packaged goods, and information technology services, through various marketing methods. We also generate clicks to online merchants by listing products, deals, and discounts on our web properties, and earn a commission when customers “click-through” the ad to make a purchase. Subscription and Licensing - We provide cloud-based subscription services and generate “fixed” subscription revenues for customer subscriptions and, to a lesser extent, “variable” usage revenues generated from actual usage by our subscribers. We offer subscription and licensing services to businesses, which offer up-to-date insights into global fixed broadband and mobile performance data, and we offer subscription packages to consumers through the Lose It! weight loss app and through Humble Bundle’s digital subscriptions and storefront for video games, ebooks, and software. We also generate revenue from the sale of perpetual software licenses, related software support, and maintenance used in conjunction with software and other related services. We license our proprietary technology, data, and intellectual property to third parties for various purposes. Other - Other revenues primarily include those from the sale of hardware used in conjunction with software, online course revenues, game publishing revenues, and revenues from a customer acquisition platform for subscription services companies. Technology & Shopping Technology Our technology platform includes online publishers, as well as tools and services tailored to consumers, professionals, and organizations looking for technological expertise, authoritativeness, and trustworthiness. We expect our brands to deliver deeply researched, current, and authentic content related to technology, culture, and the internet. Our technology brands include CNET , PCMag , Mashable, Lifehacker, Spiceworks, and ZDNET. Our publishing brands (including CNET and PCMag ) are online resources for laboratory-based product reviews, technology news, buying guides, and research papers. We operate one of the longest-running independent testing facilities for consumer technology products. Founded in 1984, our lab produces unbiased technology product and service reviews, and P CMag ’s “Editor’s Choice” award is recognized globally as a trusted mark for buyers and sellers of technology products and services. Our technology publishing sites are also recognized as trusted global sources of stories for more than a dozen platforms, including Instagram, X, and Facebook. CNET is a trusted digital media publication that provides expert information, hands-on lab testing, reviews and analysis on consumer technologies, services and trends, to help customers find exactly what they are looking for. For nearly 30 years, CNET has covered a wide range of topics, including consumer electronics, smart home, money, wellness, and more. PCMag is a leading authority on technology, delivering lab-based, independent reviews of the latest products and services. For over 40 years, its expert analysis and practical solutions have helped consumers make better buying decisions and get more from technology. -4- Mashable is a trusted global media brand publishing premium content for individuals interested in technology and culture. Mashable produces stories for more than a dozen platforms, including Snapchat, X, and Facebook. Since 2005, Lifehacker has been a go-to source for tech help and life advice. Its mission is to offer reliable tech help and credible, practical, science-based life advice to help people live better. Spiceworks provides digital content for buyers of IT products and services, allowing IT vendors to identify, reach, and influence corporate IT decision makers who are actively researching specific IT purchases. ZDNET is a leading tech brand for professionals, covering the innovations, trends, and products that are shaping today and tomorrow. With pragmatic wisdom and real-world experience, ZDNET connects business audiences to a better future by turning disruption and confusion into opportunity. Shopping The properties in our shopping platform seek to influence customer purchase decisions through the provision of authoritative content relating to products and services, as well as the presentation of savings and discount opportunities for consumer shopping audiences. We also facilitate gift card processing, program management, and marketing programs specifically tailored to meet the needs of high-growth online and app-based brands. Our flagship savings destination, RetailMeNot, seeks to influence consumer purchase decisions through savings and discount opportunities by connecting retail partners with national and international brands with consumer shopping audiences. RetailMeNot ’s promotional media solutions include mobile coupons and codes, and cash back offers across web, app, and browser extensions. VoucherCodes  is one of the UK’s most trusted voucher websites, helping millions of consumers shop with the brands they love, for less. Every week our customers receive our newsletter, packed with some of the very best offers and deals from the UK’s favorite retailers, restaurants and attractions. Offers.com is a coupon and deals website featuring offers from some of the most popular stores and brands on the internet. Offers.com ’s objective is to help consumers find the best deals on the web. Additionally, Offers.com employs a process to verify that its coupon codes work, saving consumers time and money. Our event-based properties, BlackFriday.com, TheBlackFriday.com, BestBlackFriday.com, and DealsofAmerica.com are resources for shoppers to find the best deals and offers from retailers during the height of the holiday shopping season. TDS Gift Cards helps clients provide a world-class omni-channel gift card or gift code program, which helps mitigate global payment challenges, drive incremental revenue, and increase customer acquisition. Gaming & Entertainment Our Gaming & Entertainment platform offers authoritative and engaging content covering video games, movies, anime, television, comics, technology, and more. It includes game tips, reviews, and insights, as well as a digital storefront and subscription service for video games, ebooks, and software. IGN Entertainment is one of the world’s largest gaming and entertainment media platforms and the go-to destination for fans to explore and celebrate games, movies, TV, comics, and much more. Across its 15 digital properties, it reaches more than 440 million monthly users in over 110 countries and engages with 96 million fans on social media. Its media portfolio includes favorites such as IGN , Eurogamer , Maxroll , Rock Paper Shotgun , and MapGenie , which serve as trusted services for millions of fans worldwide delivering daily content to more than 40 platforms, including YouTube, TikTok, X, Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat, as well as connected TV platforms, such as Roku and Samsung. Humble Bundle is a digital subscription and storefront offering video games, ebooks, and software, where customers can purchase monthly subscriptions, bundles, and individual products. At its core, Humble Bundle is committed to raising money for charity, with a portion of every sale contributing to charitable causes. Since its inception in 2010, Humble Bundle has raised over $275 million for over 40,000 charities worldwide. Health & Wellness Everyday Health Group (“EHG”) operates a portfolio of properties focused on driving better clinical and health outcomes through decision-making informed by highly relevant information, data, and analytics. The EHG portfolio includes a collection of interactive tools and mobile applications that are designed to enable consumers to manage a broad array of health and wellness needs on a daily basis, including medical conditions, pregnancy, diet, and fitness. The EHG portfolio also includes educational and professional development services, news, and information for -5- healthcare professionals to stay abreast of industry, legislative, regulatory, and continuing education developments across major medical specialties and therapeutic areas. EHG is organized around three audiences: (1) Health & Wellness Consumer, (2) Health & Wellness Professional, and (3) Health & Wellness Pregnancy & Parenting. Health & Wellness Consumer Our Health & Wellness Consumer platform includes consumer-focused health and wellness properties that provide digital content and information ranging from interactive guides, resource centers, special reports, community health tip sharing, newsletters, self-assessment tools, healthcare finders, e-courses, and lifestyle programs. Everyday Health , our flagship brand, features medically reviewed, award-winning editorial content designed to inspire and enable the active management of health and wellness daily. In addition to Everyday Health and other EHG -owned and operated consumer websites and applications, including DailyOM , Lose It!, Migraine Again , and theSkimm , EHG provides advertisers access to the Everyday Health Trusted Care Access Portfolio (“TCAP”) of digital health properties. TCAP features digital properties of two of the most world-renowned medical centers, to which Everyday Health holds exclusive advertising representation rights. Castle Connolly , a premier brand in healthcare provider research and rankings, publishes the renowned, peer-nominated Castle Connolly Top Doctors series. Health & Wellness Professional Our Health & Wellness Professional platform provides health and wellness digital content that is designed to enable healthcare professionals to stay abreast of clinical, industry, legislative, employment, and regulatory developments across most major medical specialties and therapeutic areas. Our flagship professional property, MedPage Today , delivers daily breaking medical news across major medical specialties and major public policy developments from Washington D.C. MedPage Today coordinates with leading researchers, clinicians, and academic medical centers to aid in gathering in-depth information for its coverage. MedPage Today has been recognized with awards from prestigious healthcare organizations including the American Society of Healthcare Business Editors, the National Institute for Healthcare Management, and eHealthcare. EHG offers accredited continuing medical education (“CME”) and continuing education (“CE”) programs to healthcare professionals through our PRIME Education business. PRIME is nationally recognized for its research-informed approach to CME and CE programs across a wide range of therapeutic areas. In numerous peer-reviewed publications, PRIME has demonstrated the impact of its work through measurably improving health care outcomes. PRIME received the prestigious William Campbell Felch Award for Outstanding Research in Continuing Education from the Alliance for Continuing Education in the Health Professions three times in the last six years. Our Health eCareers business provides a digital portal to connect physicians, nurses, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, and certified registered nurse anesthetists with jobs in their medical specialties. Health eCareers contracts with thousands of healthcare employers across the United States and an exclusive network of healthcare associations and community partners seeking connections to qualified healthcare professionals to fill open positions. Health & Wellness Pregnancy & Parenting Our Health & Wellness Pregnancy & Parenting platform includes pregnancy and parenting properties delivering content via websites, mobile apps, and online communities to expectant and new parents. Its properties support millions of families across 27 global apps and websites. Our BabyCenter brand is a leading global digital pregnancy and parenting resource delivered via websites, mobile apps, and online communities. Our Emma’s Diary brand provides expectant and new parents with information and support in the United Kingdom. We also operate the digital properties for the What to Expect brand, a leading pregnancy and parenting media resource, based on the best-selling pregnancy book What to Expect When You’re Expecting by author Heidi Murkoff. Our Health & Wellness Pregnancy & Parenting platform also includes Mom Media , a leading community for creators and parents alike and operators of the annual Mom 2.0 Summit. Mom Media connects brands with modern parents via its highly engaged community of approximately 15,000 parenting influencers. Connectivity Our Connectivity platform operates under the brand Ookla and includes several data and services businesses that sit at the center of the broadband ecosystem and are sources of information on internet connectivity and network performance, facilitating insights and decision making relating to broadband networks. Ookla provides customers with fixed broadband, mobile network, and Wi-Fi testing applications, analysis, and insights. Daily tests are actively initiated by users using Speedtest. As a result of this capability and other solutions used to -6- collect quality-of-experience data, Ookla provides comprehensive insights into worldwide internet performance and accessibility, of broadband, mobile, and Wi-Fi networks. Ookla solutions have been adopted by a significant number of internet service providers, mobile service providers, enterprise Wi-Fi systems integrators, and regulatory bodies worldwide. In addition to Speedtest , Ookla offers its customers actionable insights, solutions, and services under the Ekahau, Downdetector , and RootMetrics brands. Our Ekahau products and services provide business solutions to design, optimize, and manage Wi-Fi, Private 4G, and Private 5G networks using specially developed hardware and software to meet the performance objectives of these networks. Downdetector offers real-time status information and tracks outages for services and digital products that consumers and businesses use every day. Downdetector aims to track any service that its users consider vital to their everyday lives, including (but not limited to) internet providers, social media, web hosting platforms, applications of mobile service providers, airlines, banks, games, public transport systems, and other online services. RootMetrics is an industry leader in the provision of drive testing solutions and performance benchmarking of mobile service providers in the United States and the United Kingdom, and other global regions, providing actionable insights on the quality, reliability, and performance of voice, messaging, and data services. Cybersecurity & Martech Our Cybersecurity & Martech business provides internet-delivered software-as-a-service (“SaaS”) cloud-based offerings to consumers and businesses of all sizes to meet their communication, messaging, security, privacy, customer marketing, and other needs. Our Cybersecurity & Martech services represent a model for delivering and consuming real time technology services, resources and solutions over the internet. Their goal is to reduce or eliminate costs, increase sales and enhance productivity, mobility, business continuity, privacy, and security. We market our Cybersecurity & Martech offerings to a broad spectrum of prospective business customers including sole proprietors and small to medium-sized businesses and enterprises. We also market our Cybersecurity & Martech offerings to consumers. Our marketing efforts include enhancing brand awareness; utilizing online advertising, search engines, and affiliate programs; selling through both a telesales and direct sales force; and working with resellers and other channel partners. We continuously seek to extend the number of distribution channels through which we acquire paying customers and improve the cost and volume of customers obtained through our current channels. Our Cybersecurity & Martech business operates as the VIPRE Security Group and the MOZ Group , respectively. VIPRE Security Group The VIPRE Security Group , whose cloud-based SaaS offerings include endpoint and email security, security awareness training, secure backup and file sharing, and virtual private network solutions. We offer these services to consumers who are worried about their digital safety and security of personal information online, and to small businesses and mid-sized enterprises who want advanced cyber threat protection. The VIPRE Security Group offers its services under the following brands. IPVanish offers one of the leading virtual private network services in the industry. Virtual private network services encrypt user’s data and activity on the internet, enabling users to browse the internet more securely and anonymously, and without restriction. VIPRE software solutions are designed to protect people and businesses from costly and malicious cyber threats. VIPRE offerings include comprehensive endpoint and email security, along with threat intelligence for real-time malware analysis. Inspired eLearning ’s SaaS platform for cybersecurity awareness and compliance training helps enterprises protect their organizations by educating employees on how to reduce human-related cybersecurity and workplace incidents. Forensic and Compliance Systems (“FCS”) provides integrated email archiving solutions critical for data retention, e-discovery, and business continuity. Livedrive provides online backup and synchronized storage features for professionals and individuals and is designed to allow customers with an internet connection to access their files from virtually anywhere at any time. SugarSync provides online file backup, synchronization and sharing of a customer’s documents, photos, music, and movies across a customer’s desktops, laptops, mobile, and other devices. -7- MOZ Group The MOZ Group’s SaaS offerings include email marketing and delivery solutions, search engine optimization tools, and voice and text communication services. We offer these services to sole proprietors, small businesses, and mid-sized enterprises, enabling them to connect directly with their customers and grow the revenue of their businesses. We believe these services represent more efficient and less expensive solutions than many existing alternatives, and provide increased security, privacy, flexibility, and mobility. The MOZ Group offers its services under the following brands. Campaigner , iContact, SMTP, Kickbox, Email Industries, and Full Contact provide email marketing solutions to help small, medium, and large businesses strengthen customer relationships and drive sales through professional email campaign creation, advanced list management, segmentation tools, verification tools, marketing automation, attribution reports, campaign tracking, and targeted email auto responders and workflows. MOZ Pro, MOZ Local, and Stat Analytics offer search engine optimization services that are used to help understand and improve internet traffic, rankings, and visibility in search results. Semantic Labs leverages paid marketing and proprietary technology to acquire customers for subscription services companies. eVoice is a virtual phone system that provides small and medium-sized businesses with on-demand voice communications services. Customers can assign departmental and individual extensions that can connect to multiple numbers, including landline and mobile phones and IP networks, and can enhance reachability through “find me/follow me” capabilities. These services also include advanced integrated voicemail for each extension. Line2 is a cloud-based phone service, which allows users to add a second line to a mobile device. Line2 enables users to separate work and personal calls on a single device and includes standard phone service features such as SMS, MMS, auto attendant, call routing, call forwarding, voicemail, call queue, and toll-free and vanity numbers. Competition Competition in the Technology & Shopping, Gaming & Entertainment, and Health & Wellness spaces is significant. Within these verticals, our businesses compete with (i) diversified internet and digital media companies like IAC, Future PLC, Red Ventures, Penske Media, Integrated Media, and Internet Brands, (ii) vertical-specific digital media companies l