Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Information Technology Systems and Intellectual Property—We use AI, machine learning and similar technologies in our business, which may present business, compliance, and reputational risks.” Compliance We have developed and implemented robust control frameworks designed to help ensure that we comply with legal and regulatory requirements imposed on us in connection with our sports betting and iGaming activities. Our compliance and risk programs focuses on, among other things, meeting licensing and regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions where our services are offered. We are committed to preventing and mitigating the risk of financial crime including but not limited to, money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud and ensuring that controls and practices are aligned to the regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions where we operate. We believe that we have a robust and extensive set of policies and procedures designed to identify and/or prevent such risk arising, including, without limitation our (i) anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism policy; (ii) gifts and hospitality policy; (iii) cyber security policy; (iv) third party financial crime policy standard; (v) sanctions policy; (vi) anti-bribery and corruption policy; (vii) code of ethics; and (viii) whistle-blower policy. We are committed to complying with applicable laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where we operate and ensuring that our processes and controls are regularly optimized to meet the requirements of evolving regulatory regimes although the effectiveness of all such measures cannot be guaranteed. Human Capital Management At Flutter, we are committed to developing our culture as a commercial differentiator – one that attracts and retains talent in order to create a world-class firm built for the long term. Our culture is defined by strong character, deep capabilities, broad domain expertise and a steadfast emphasis on collaboration. These qualities ensure we are best placed to provide unique services to our customers. The success of our human capital philosophy is evidenced by the number and quality of hires we have made and the consistent positive feedback we receive through our employee surveys. Reinforcement of the culture we are building comes through engagement with our employees, the reward principles we apply to compensation and promotion decisions and our various talent development initiatives, which continue to evolve as we grow. 16 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2025, we had 28,518 employees across 27 countries. Our headcount includes both our head office and retail colleagues. The United States comprises 11% of our total headcount,with the remaining 89% of our employees outside the United States. Approximately 7,500 of our employees are part of our technology function, of which approximately 3,500 are focused on software engineering. Employee turnover sits at 22% globally and the voluntary turnover is 11%. Our relationship with the majority of our employees located in Italy, Brazil and Romania are subject to collective bargaining agreements and a subset of employees in Australia are subject to modern awards, which set out minimum terms and conditions of employment. As of fiscal 2025, 6,531 of our employees are subject to these agreements. In general, the collective bargaining agreements and modern awards include terms that regulate remuneration, minimum salary, salary complements, extra time, benefits, bonuses and partial disability. Our investment in people is principally in support of two of our strategic aims: leveraging the Flutter Edge through talent and sustainability through our Positive Impact Plan . We aim to create a culture that supports inclusivity, where people can be their authentic selves and feel like they belong. We are focused on building a home for the world’s best talent that represent and reflect the communities where we live and work. Talent We aim to create an environment where talented colleagues have the opportunity to learn, develop, grow and progress within our business. Our focus is to provide visibility of our key talented colleagues, succession planning and ongoing development. We do this through divisional talent reviews, succession planning focusing on our strategically most important roles and development in support of the skills needed for the future. Positive Impact Plan As the global leader in sports betting and gaming, we remain committed to setting the standard for sustainability in our sector. Since launching our Positive Impact Plan in 2022, we have continued to build on its four pillar areas of focus — customers, colleagues, community and environment. These are supported by strong foundations in ethics and compliance, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and data protection and governance. We regularly review our sustainability priorities through internal and external engagement. Our initial assessment in 2021 identified the key topics that informed the design of the Positive Impact Plan. In 2025, we reviewed each pillar of our strategy, concluding that our focus and approach is still appropriate. We continue to focus on Responsible Gaming under our Play Well pillar as our most central issue—supported by a focus on community, colleagues and environment, while strengthening the systems, data, and governance needed to align with emerging global disclosure standards. In 2024, we reported that we had undergone a Double Materiality Assessment in preparation for the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). Following the February 2025 EU Omnibus updates to CSRD guidance and timelines, we have deferred our Double Materiality Assessment to 2026 to ensure our 2027 CSRD reporting fully reflects the revised requirements. Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report, including without limitation “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-looking Statements,” Part II, “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” The following risk factors have been organized by category for ease of use; however, many of the risks may have impacts in more than one category. Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry Economic downturns and market conditions beyond our control could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our financial performance is subject to global economic conditions, and particularly, their impact on levels of spending by our customers, advertisers and partners. Unfavorable economic conditions, including recessions, economic slowdowns, tariffs and trade disputes, high unemployment, rising prices or the perception by consumers of weak or weakening economic conditions, may reduce levels of disposable income and participation in entertainment and leisure activities, such as betting or iGaming . Our business may be particularly sensitive to such changes, and as a result, there can be no assurance that demand for our product offerings will remain consistent. 17 Table of Contents A deterioration in global macroeconomic conditions could also adversely affect our business by increasing our overall cost structure and constraining our ability to invest in growth initiatives. For example, recent inflationary pressures have increased our labor costs and other operating expenses. Unfavorable economic conditions may also reduce the availability of credit, increase cost of credit or adversely affect our liquidity. If, as a result of such conditions, we are unable to secure financing when needed or on commercially acceptable terms, it may materially impair our ability to invest in new products, enhance our platforms or pursue strategic opportunities. Adverse economic conditions that reduce customer participation or otherwise constrain liquidity may also materially reduce the attractiveness and competitiveness of our liquidity-dependent products such as Betfair Exchange, FanDuel’s DFS and prediction markets and PokerStars’ poker business, resulting in lower customer engagement and reduced revenues. Additionally, the insolvency of any of our partners, advertisers or licensees could result in disrupted operations including by delaying payments owed to us, interrupting the delivery of services, or requiring us to identify and contract with replacement partners or require our exit from a particular market. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business is exposed to competitive pressures arising from competition in online betting and iGaming, as well as from prediction markets, illegal operators and new entrants into the markets in which we operate. We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving global online betting and iGaming industry, and we expect competitive pressures to continue to intensify. Our competitors include international and well-established local betting and gaming operators as well as new entrants offering adjacent or alternative wagering products. Many of these competitors operate at significant scale enabling them to attract customers to their offerings, have strong brand recognition, and may spend more money and time on developing and testing products and services, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing or promotional policies or otherwise develop more commercially successful products or services than ours. In addition, new competitors, whether licensed or not, may enter the gaming industry, further increasing competitive pressure. Barriers to customers switching between operators are low, which increases the risk that customers may choose competing offerings. We also face competition from companies with different and emerging business models, regulatory frameworks and cost structures, including prediction markets or other derivatives-based products. In the United States, for example, prediction markets contracts regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) are being offered by a growing number of providers. We do not currently offer sports contracts in U.S. states in which we offer our sportsbook product. In those states, other providers may offer sports contracts while being subject to different regulatory requirements, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. In states where we do offer sports contracts, and for other prediction markets contracts available more broadly, competitors may offer similar products more successfully due to differences in business models, cost structures, regulatory approaches or reduced focus on account management and user safety. In certain jurisdictions, we also face competition from illegal operators that do not comply with applicable regulatory and licensing requirements, allowing them to avoid compliance costs and restrictions, customer-focused safeguards and payment of gaming taxes. The increasing scale and sophistication of such operations may intensify competition in affected markets, increase regulatory scrutiny on the industry as a whole and put our customers at higher risk of harm. We are also subject to the risk of further consolidation in the betting and gaming industry, which might result in the formation of a very large or successful competitor to whom we might lose market share. Other competitors may have significantly greater financial, technical and other resources than us in certain jurisdictions or markets in which we operate, and they may be able to secure greater liquidity than us. A loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may fail to retain existing customers or add new customers, or customers could decrease their level of engagement with our offerings in general. If people do not perceive our offerings to be enjoyable, reliable, relevant and trustworthy, we may be unable to attract or retain customers or maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. A number of other online betting and iGaming companies that achieved early popularity have since seen their active customer bases or levels of engagement decline. 18 Table of Contents Increasing customer engagement and retention is central to our strategy, but there is no guarantee that we will not experience an erosion of our AMP base or engagement levels among customers in the future. Our customer engagement patterns have changed over time, and customer engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different product offerings. Any number of factors could negatively affect customer retention, growth and engagement, including if: • customers increasingly engage with our competitors’ products or services; • we fail to introduce, or delay the introduction of, new products or services that users find engaging or that work with a variety of operating systems or networks, or if we introduce new or modified products or services that are not favorably received by customers; • our promotional or incentive strategies prove ineffective, inefficient or misaligned with customer needs; • customer sentiment about the quality of our products declines, or concerns related to privacy, safety, security or other factors increase; • new industry standards are adopted or customers adopt new technologies where our products may be displaced in favor of other products or services which may face less regulation or are unavailable, or may otherwise be rendered obsolete and unmarketable; • there are adverse changes in our products mandated by legislation, regulatory authorities or litigation; • we do not obtain applicable regulatory or other approvals or renewals of such approvals to offer, directly or indirectly, our products in new or existing jurisdictions; • customers have difficulty accessing our products, or technical or other problems, such as security breaches, prevent us from delivering our products in a rapid and reliable manner or otherwise affect the customer experience; • initiatives designed to attract and retain customers are unsuccessful; • we fail to price our product offerings competitively or provide adequate customer service; • we or other companies in our industry are the subject of adverse media reports or other negative publicity; or • we fail to effectively anticipate or respond to customers’ continuously changing needs, demands and preferences, as well as emerging technological trends, or where our competitors more effectively anticipate or respond to the same. If we are unable to maintain or increase our customer base or engagement, or effectively monetize our customer base’s use of our offerings, our revenue may be adversely affected. Any decrease in customer retention, growth or engagement, including player liquidity, could render our products less attractive to customers, which is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our AMP growth rate slows, we become increasingly dependent on our ability to maintain or increase levels of customer engagement and monetization in order to drive revenue growth. Furthermore, betting and gaming faces competition from other entertainment and leisure activities and there can be no assurance that we will be able to increase or maintain our share of customers’ discretionary spending against such other entertainment and leisure activities. Our growth prospects may suffer if we are unable to develop successful product offerings or if we fail to pursue additional product offerings or make the right investment decisions in our product offerings and technology. The industries in which we operate are subject to rapid and frequent changes in standards, technologies, products and services, as well as in customer demands, expectations and regulations. We must continuously make decisions regarding which product offerings and technology we should invest in to meet customer demand in compliance with evolving industry standards and regulatory requirements, and must continually introduce and successfully market new and innovative technologies, product offerings and enhancements to remain competitive. Our ability to engage, retain and increase our customer base and to increase our revenue will depend heavily on our ability to successfully create new product offerings, both independently and together with third parties. We may introduce significant changes to our existing technology and product offerings or develop and introduce new and unproven products and services, with which we have little or no prior development or operating experience or which are subject to new and evolving regulatory frameworks. The process of developing new product offerings and systems is inherently complex and uncertain, and new product offerings may not be well received by customers. If we are unable to develop technology and product offerings that address customers’ needs or enhance and improve our existing technology and product offerings in a timely manner, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 19 Table of Contents In addition, management may not properly ascertain or assess the risks of new initiatives, and subsequent events may alter the risks that were evaluated at the time we decided to execute any new initiative. Developing and creating additional product offerings, such as our prediction markets offering, can also divert management’s attention from other business issues and opportunities. Even if our new product offerings attain market acceptance, those new product offerings have in certain cases cannibalized, and in the future, could continue to cannibalize, the market share of our existing product offerings or share of our customers’ discretionary spending in a manner that could negatively impact our results of operations. Furthermore, such expansion of our business increases the complexity of our business and places an additional burden on our management, operations, technical systems, regulatory compliance obligations and financial resources, and we may not recover the often-substantial up-front costs of developing and marketing new product offerings, or the opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources away from other potential new product offerings. In the event of continued growth of our operations and product offerings, or in the number of our third party relationships, we may not have adequate resources, operationally, technologically or otherwise, to support such growth, and the quality of our technology, product offerings or our relationships with third parties could suffer. In addition, failure to effectively identify, pursue and execute new business initiatives, or to efficiently adapt our processes and infrastructure to meet the needs of our innovations, including managing risks associated with new products subject to uncertain, evolving or changing regulatory frameworks, such as our prediction markets offering, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any new product offerings may also require our customers to utilize new skills, which could create a lag in adoption of new product offerings and new customer additions related to any new product offerings. Further, we may develop new product offerings that increase customer engagement and costs without increasing revenue. Additionally, new customer demands, superior product offerings by competitors, new industry standards or changes in the regulatory environment could render our existing product offerings unattractive, unmarketable or obsolete, and require us to make substantial unanticipated changes to our technology or business model. Our failure to adapt to a rapidly changing market, new or changing regulations or evolving customer demands could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may experience lower-than-expected profitability or suffer significant losses from a failure to determine accurately the odds in relation to any particular event, including as a result of errors in our odds-setting or bet acceptances processes and/or any failure of our sports risk management processes. A significant proportion of our revenue is derived from fixed-odds betting products where winnings are paid on the basis of the stake placed and the odds quoted. Odds are determined with the objective of providing an average return to the bookmaker over a large number of events and are set through a combination of algorithmic and manual odds-making processes. However, there can be significant variation in our results event-by-event and day-by-day. We have systems and controls that seek to reduce the risk of daily losses but there can be no assurance that these will be effective in reducing our exposure. As a result, in the short term, there is less certainty of generating positive results, and we may experience (and have from time to time experienced) significant losses with respect to individual events or betting outcomes, particularly if large individual bets are placed on an event or betting outcome or series of events or betting outcomes. In particular, odds compilers and risk managers are also capable of human error, and algorithms and data feeds may fail or operate as designed but produce incorrect or unintended outcomes. In some cases, odds offered may constitute obvious or “palpable” errors (such as inverted lines or odds that are materially different from the true odds of an outcome), whether due to human error, system limitations or data issues. While it is generally commonplace in many jurisdictions for operators to void bets associated with such errors, our ability to do so may be subject to regulatory approval and oversight and has been subject to regulatory challenge in the past, particularly in the United States where regulatory approaches vary by state. There can be no assurance that regulators will permit the voiding of such bets, or that approval will be granted in a timely manner or at all, which has in the past and may in the future require us to honor bets at erroneous odds and incur losses. In addition, we may be required to challenge adverse determinations through administrative or judicial proceedings, which may not be successful and our decisions to void bets could themselves be challenged in court, where we may not ultimately prevail. Any significant losses resulting from such errors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Uncertainty as to the legality of online betting and/or iGaming or adverse public sentiment towards online betting and/or iGaming may deter third party suppliers from dealing with us. The willingness of third party suppliers to provide their services to us may be affected by their own assessment of the legality of their provision of services to us, our business or the broader online betting and iGaming sector and by political or other pressures. Adverse changes in laws, regulations or enforcement policies in any jurisdiction may make the provision of key services to us unlawful or otherwise problematic in such jurisdictions. 20 Table of Contents In addition, certain third party service providers may be reluctant to provide us with services if they determine that an association with us could result, directly or indirectly, in adverse consequences for their business due to concerns regarding public, political, regulatory or market sentiment toward the betting and gaming industry. For example, there have been cases of internet service providers blocking iGaming websites in certain of the European jurisdictions in which we operate without a local, territory or point of consumption license because those jurisdictions do not have such a licensing framework in place, and further instances could potentially reduce our market share of iGaming in such countries. To the extent that third party suppliers are unwilling or unable to provide us with services, this may have a material adverse effect on our licenses and impact our ability to generate revenue from offering our products and services to customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business depends on our ability to attract, retain, motivate and develop key personnel, and our failure to do so or to maintain adequate succession planning for key positions could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business operations and strategic objectives are substantially dependent upon the continued service, expertise, and leadership of our key personnel, including senior management, technical specialists, and other critical employees. The loss of services of one or more of our key personnel, whether due to resignation, retirement, disability, death, or other circumstances, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. Competition for qualified personnel for critical skill areas is intense, and we may not be able to successfully attract, retain, or motivate key personnel. Equity-based awards comprise a key component of management compensation, and if our ordinary share price declines or becomes volatile, it may be difficult to retain or motivate such individuals. Our inability to recruit suitable replacements for key personnel in a timely manner, or the failure to develop adequate succession plans for critical positions, could result in significant operational disruptions, loss of institutional knowledge, impaired execution of our business strategy, and leadership gaps that could materially and adversely affect our competitive position, business, financial conditions, and results of operations. Furthermore, the integration and training of new personnel require significant time and resources, and there can be no assurance that new hires will perform as expected or contribute to our business objectives in the anticipated timeframe. Any prolonged inability to fill key positions or effectively manage leadership transitions may impair our ability to execute our business plan and achieve our strategic objectives, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are unable to build, maintain and enhance our brands, or if events occur that damage our reputation and brands, our ability to expand our customer base may be impaired and our business and financial results may be harmed. We believe that our brands have significant value and contribute to the success of our business. We also believe that building, maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical to expanding our customer base and generating revenue. Our ability to build, maintain and enhance our brands depends largely on our ability to continue to successfully provide enjoyable, reliable, trustworthy and innovative products with helpful customer service, as well as our ability to successfully maintain or advance our internal marketing and branding functions and to establish and develop new relationships and build on existing relationships with ambassadors and service providers on which we rely to promote our product offerings. We may introduce new product offerings, programs, terms of service or policies, including those related to loyalty programs, pricing and security, any of which could have an impact on our brands. Similarly, any decisions we make regarding regulatory compliance, intellectual property portfolio management, player privacy, payments and other issues, and any media, legislative or regulatory scrutiny of Flutter, our current or former directors, employees, contractors or vendors, or the online betting and iGaming industry in general, could negatively affect our brands. We operate a multiple-brand strategy in a number of markets and jurisdictions. As a result, certain of our brands will compete with one another and the performance of one brand may impact another in certain markets. Our brands may also be negatively affected by the actions of customers, employees, contractors or vendors that are deemed to be hostile or inappropriate to other customers, including through the use of certain software to gain an advantage over other customers, or by the use of our product offerings or of companies that provide similar products and services, for illicit, objectionable or illegal ends. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that our current or former directors, officers, employees, ambassadors or service providers will act in a manner that will promote the success of Flutter or its product offerings. Maintaining and enhancing our brands may require us to make or incur substantial investments, costs or fees. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brands or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, it could adversely affect the size, engagement and loyalty of our customer base and result in decreased revenue, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 21 Table of Contents Our success may be impacted by restrictions on our ongoing ability to market to our customers in certain jurisdictions. Our acquisition and retention of AMPs in certain jurisdictions depends upon our ability to effectively market to our existing and potential customers, including through affiliate marketing. There are limitations to and, in some cases, prohibitions on the online and offline marketing channels that are available to us as a result of applicable laws and regulations in several markets in which we operate, including Australia and Italy. Other jurisdictions, including, for example, Brazil, Spain, Ireland and Belgium, are also taking actions to further restrict advertising in their markets, including placing limitations on the timing of, and the use of ambassadors for, gambling promotion. Additional restrictions or the loss of marketing channels that are currently available to us, including the introduction of new regulatory or marketing restrictions in jurisdictions where such restrictions did not previously apply or were less onerous, may further restrict our ability to attract and maintain AMPs and may have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue in any jurisdiction implementing such restrictions. We may encounter difficulties in integrating, separating and managing acquisitions, divestitures or other strategic transactions or alliances, and, therefore, may not realize the anticipated benefits of such transactions. We have entered into a number of business combinations in recent years, including the acquisitions of (i) NSX Group in May 2025, (ii) Snaitech S.p.A in April 2025, (iii) Maxbet in January 2024 and (iv) Sisal in August 2022. We regularly evaluate acquisition and other strategic transaction opportunities, including partnerships (such as our recent partnership with CME for the provision of prediction markets contracts), joint ventures, mergers, divestitures, investments or strategic alliances, which opportunities may be material to our business. Any future transactions may pose regulatory, antitrust, integration, tax and other risks, which may significantly affect the benefits or anticipated benefits of such transactions and consequently our results of operations. Competition for strategic transactions in our industry has escalated during recent years, and such competition may increase costs of such transactions or cause us to refrain from entering into certain such transactions. Furthermore, any such transactions will require significant management time and resources and may require the diversion of resources from other activities. There can be no assurance that we will identify or successfully complete transactions with suitable candidates in the future, that we will consummate these transactions at rates similar to the past or that completed transactions will be successful. Strategic transactions may involve operational or other changes, significant cash expenditures, debt incurrence, assumed or retained liabilities, operating losses and expenses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, we may not realize the degree, or timing, of benefits we anticipate when we first enter into a transaction. We may be unable to manage recent or future acquisitions profitably or to integrate such acquisitions successfully without incurring substantial costs, delays or other problems. The difficulties of combining the operations of acquired businesses and other risks related to strategic transactions include, among others: • integrating operations and systems; • conforming standards, controls, procedures and accounting and other policies, business cultures and compensation structures; • inheriting internal control deficiencies; • assimilating employees; • managing the expanded operations of a larger and more complex company; • keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers; • assuming liabilities and exposure to unforeseen or undisclosed liabilities and exposure to litigation or regulatory, tax or other sanctions, civil or criminal penalties or negative consequences such as license revocation or reputational damage; • the insufficiency or unavailability of indemnifications received from sellers; • exposure to new or unfamiliar geographies and/or regulatory regimes; • evolving regulation; and • in the case of joint ventures and other investments, partnerships or alliances, interests that diverge from those of our partners without the ability to direct the management and operations of the joint venture or investment in the manner we believe most appropriate to achieve the expected value. 22 Table of Contents Many of these factors will be outside our control and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy. In addition, any companies or businesses we acquire or invest in may not achieve levels of profitability or revenue that justify the original investment made by us. The occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may prioritize customer growth and engagement and customer experience over short-term financial results. We may in the future make product and investment decisions that may not prioritize our short-term financial results if we believe that such decisions are consistent with our strategy and long-term goals to benefit the aggregate customer experience, improve our financial performance and maximize shareholder value. For example, we have implemented changes to, including certain reductions in, our loyalty programs to ensure that the distribution of rebates, rewards and incentives is aligned with our goal of incentivizing customers for loyalty and behavior that is positive to the overall customer experience and the particular product offering’s ecosystem, and we have introduced, and may in the future introduce, other changes, such as adjustments to product pricing. We may also introduce changes to existing product offerings, or introduce new product offerings, that direct customers away from existing product offerings where they have a proven means of monetization, which may reduce engagement with our core product offerings. We also may take steps that limit distribution of certain product offerings, such as on mobile devices, in the short term to attempt to ensure the availability of such product offerings to our customers over the long term. These decisions may not produce the benefits that we expect, in which case our customer growth and engagement, our relationships with third parties, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Variability in win rates, the timing of jackpot payouts in our iGaming and the broadcasting and scheduling of major sporting events could materially adversely affect our financial results. The sports betting and iGaming industries are characterized by an element of chance. Accordingly, we employ theoretical win rates to estimate what a certain type of sports bet or game, on average, will win or lose in the long run. Although each game or sports bet generally performs within a defined statistical range of outcomes, actual outcomes may vary for any given period. In addition to the element of chance, win rates may also be affected by factors that are beyond our control, such as a customer’s experience and behavior, the mix of games played, the financial resources of customers, the volume of bets placed and the amount of time spent engaging with our product offerings. As a result of the variability in these factors, the actual win rates on our games and sports bets may differ from the theoretical win rates we have estimated and could result in the winnings of our iGaming or sportsbook customers exceeding those anticipated. This variability has the potential to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In our iGaming product offerings, operator losses are limited per stake to a maximum payout. When looking at bets across a period of time, however, these losses can potentially be significant. Our quarterly financial results may also fluctuate based on whether we pay out any jackpots to our iGaming customers during the relevant fiscal quarter. As part of our iGaming product offerings, we may offer progressive jackpot games. Each time a progressive jackpot game is played, a portion of the amount wagered by the customer contributes to the jackpot for that specific game or group of games. Once a jackpot is won, the progressive jackpot is reset with a predetermined base amount. While we maintain a provision for these progressive jackpots in the event we choose to offer them, the cost of the progressive jackpot payout would be a cash outflow for our business in the period in which it is won with a potentially significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Winning is underpinned by a random mechanism, thus we cannot predict with absolute certainty when a jackpot will be won. Our Sportsbet offerings are also affected by seasonal and major sporting events, which can result in short-term volatility in betting win margins and user engagement, resulting in volatile revenues. The timing of such events, as well as the cancellation, disruption to, or postponement of, the live broadcasting of sporting events, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the entrance of alternative media licensing and broadcasting organizations into the sport broadcasting industry (e.g., Netflix, Amazon, DAZN Group and YouTube), which may not attract the volume of viewers traditionally attracted by television companies for major sporting events (in particular free-to-air broadcasters such as the BBC, NBC, ABC, CBS and FOX), has the potential to negatively impact the number of customers who have access to live sporting events, thereby impacting the number of customers accessing our betting services and products. 23 Table of Contents Our operational efforts to expand our customer base in existing and new geographic markets, particularly with respect to our U.S. business, including our efforts to cross-sell to existing customers, may not be successful. As a result of social, political and legal differences between jurisdictions, successful marketing in a new jurisdiction, particularly in new U.S. states we hope to further expand into, will often involve local adaptations to our overall marketing strategy. While we have been successful in entering new geographic markets to date, future entry into new geographic markets may not be successful. Our marketing strategy in new geographic markets may not be well received, and we may be unable to deal successfully with a new and different local operating environment. We may also be unable, for technological or other reasons, to design and deliver the correct marketing strategy in our key markets to enable us to cross-sell within and across our brands. In addition, as discussed in more detail in the risk factor entitled “—Risks Relating to Regulation, Licensing, Litigation and Taxation—The successful execution of our growth strategy, particularly with respect to our U.S. business, depends on our ability to expand our provision of online betting and iGaming services into new and existing jurisdictions and markets where the regulatory status of the provision of such services has been clarified or liberalized.” below, our ability to expand our customer base in new geographic markets may also be impacted by adverse regulatory developments in those markets. We are subject to risks related to our contractual and strategic relationships with third parties. We rely on relationships with sports leagues and teams, media partners, casinos, affiliates, high-profile talent, horse racing tracks and other third parties in order to obtain certain licenses, to access certain markets, to promote our brands and our product offerings and to attract customers to our product offerings. These strategic relationships, along with our relationships with providers of online services, search engines, social media, directories and other websites and e-commerce businesses, help drive consumers to our technology and products