Item 1. Business Company Information The Company’s legal name is Flutter Entertainment plc. The Company was originally incorporated and registered in Ireland as a private limited company on April 8, 1958, under the name Corcoran’s Management Limited with the registration number 16956. The Company, which would later operate under the name Paddy Power plc, was then formed in 1988 through the merger of three independent bookmakers, including Corcoran’s Management Limited. The Company re-registered as a public limited company on November 15, 2000, and, in December 2000, it listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange (“LSE”). The Company merged with Betfair Group plc on February 2, 2016, and changed its name to Paddy Power Betfair plc. The Company then changed its name to Flutter Entertainment plc on May 28, 2019. On January 29, 2024, the Company completed its registration process with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) for public trading. Since listing on the NYSE, the Company has maintained its status on the LSE and delisted from the Irish Stock Exchange. On May 31, 2024, the Company moved its primary listing to the NYSE following the approval of shareholders at the Company’s Annual General Meeting held on May 1, 2024. The Company’s global operational headquarters is One Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10010, United States. The Company’s registered office is: Belfield Office Park, Beech Hill Road, Clonskeagh, Dublin 4, D04 V972, Ireland. The Company’s website is www.flutter.com . The information on, or accessible from, our website is not part of, nor incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report. We make available free of charge, on or through the “Investors” section of our website, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, if any, or other filings filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing these reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, if any, or other filings filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We use our website ( www.flutter.com ) and at times our corporate X account (@FlutterEnt ) and LinkedIn ( https://www.linkedin.com/company/flutter-entertainment/ ) as well as other social media channels to distribute company information. The information we post through these channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these channels, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The contents of our website and social media channels are not, however, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Business Overview Flutter is the world’s leading online sports betting and iGaming operator based on revenue. Our ambition is to change our industry for the better and deliver long-term growth while also achieving a positive, sustainable future for all our stakeholders. We are well-placed to do so through the global competitive advantages of the Flutter Edge , which provides our brands with access to group-wide benefits to stay ahead of the competition, while maintaining a clear vision for sustainability through our Positive Impact Plan . The Group consists of a diverse portfolio of leading recreational brands and products with a broad international reach. We operate some of the world’s most distinctive online sports betting and iGaming brands which offer our principal product categories of sportsbook, iGaming and other products (exchange betting, pari-mutuel wagering, daily fantasy sports (“DFS”) and prediction markets in the U.S.). These products are offered by FanDuel (sportsbook, iGaming and other products), Sky Betting & Gaming (sportsbook and iGaming products), Sportsbet (sportsbook products), PokerStars (iGaming products), Paddy Power (sportsbook and iGaming products), Sisal 1 (sportsbook and iGaming products), Snai (sportsbook, iGaming products and other products), tombola (iGaming products), Betfair (sportsbook, iGaming and other products), TVG (other products), Adjarabet (iGaming products), MaxBet (sportsbook and iGaming products) and Betnacional (sportsbook and iGaming products). During fiscal 2025, we have completed the following acquisitions of: 1 Sisal’s iGaming products include retail and online lottery products. See “—Our Products—iGaming” below for additional information. 1 Table of Contents • a 5% redeemable non-controlling interest in FanDuel Group Parent LLC (“FanDuel”) held by Boyd Interactive Holdings L.L.C. (“Boyd”) for a consideration of $1,553 million. The acquisition brings the Group’s holding in FanDuel to 100% (subject to the Fox Option). • a 56% interest in NSX Group (“NSX”), a leading Brazilian operator of the Betnacional brand for a total consideration of BRL 3,799 million ($674 million), with a redemption mechanism in the form of call and put options which allows us to acquire the remaining interest in year five and year ten following the completion date. • 100% of the outstanding shares of Pluto (Italia) S.p.A, the holding company that owns Snaitech S.p.A (“Snai”), one of Italy’s leading omni-channel operators in the sports betting and iGaming market, for consideration of approximately $2.6 billion (€2.3 billion). In December 2025, we launched FanDuel Predicts in partnership with CME Group (“CME”) in five states, beginning a phased national rollout through early 2026 and providing eligible customers with a mobile and web platform to trade prediction markets contracts. We are the industry leader by size with 15.9 million Average Monthly Players (“AMPs”) and $16,383 million of revenue globally for fiscal 2025. AMPs refers to the average over the applicable reporting period of the total number of players who have had a bet settled and/or contributed to the rake (i.e., the commission we take for operating or hosting a game) or tournament fees during the month. This measure does not include individuals who have only used new player or player retention incentives, and this measure is for online players only and excludes retail player activity. See Part II, “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Key Operational Metrics” for additional information regarding how we calculate AMPs data, including a discussion regarding duplication of players that exists in such data. We operate a divisional management and operating structure across our geographic markets. Each division has an empowered management team responsible for maintaining the momentum and growth in its respective geographic markets. Effective from the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company updated its internal reporting, including the information provided to the chief operating decision maker to assess segment performance and allocate resources, and, as a result, updated its reportable segments for fiscal 2025. The Company reports its consolidated financial statements based on two reportable segments: • U.S.; and • International (which includes what was formerly our UKI, International and Australia segments), Segment results for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 have been revised to reflect the change in reportable segments. Our Products Our principal products include sportsbook, iGaming and other products, such as exchange betting, pari-mutuel wagering, DFS and prediction markets products offerings in the U.S. For fiscal 2025, 53% of our revenue was derived from sportsbook, 44% of our revenue was derived from iGaming, and 3% of our revenue was derived from other products, while 88% of our revenue at the Group level was generated from our online businesses. Our online operations are complemented by 1,127 retail shops, mainly in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy and Serbia. I n each market, we typically offer sports betting, iGaming, or both, depending o n the regulatory conditions of that market. For a discussion of the significant new products that we have introduced recently, and the status of publicly announced new products, see “—Research and Development” below. Sportsbook Our sportsbook offerings, such as FanDuel, Sportsbet or Sky Betting & Gaming, involve a customer placing a bet (wager) on various types of sporting events at fixed odds determined by us. Bets are made in advance of the sporting event that will determine the outcome of the wager. In the event the specified outcome occurs, the customer wins the bet and is paid out based upon the odds assigned at the time of the bet. We generate revenue by setting odds in a manner that includes a theoretical spread to be earned on each contest less winnings paid and expenses associated with promotional activity. In addition to this revenue, revenue from our real-money games (i.e., games in which real money is wagered on the outcome of the game) includes revenue earned on the processing of real-money deposits and cash-out options (which gives the customers the option to exit the game and to obtain an early return from their bet), in specific currencies, which is sometimes referred to as conversion margins. 2 Table of Contents iGaming We offer our customers peer-to-business (“P2B”) iGaming products, peer-to-peer (“P2P”) iGaming products and lottery products. Our P2B iGaming products involve customers betting against the house. Our iGaming products allow customers to bet on a range of games of chance such as online casino, bingo and machine gaming terminals. We provide a combination of third party content and proprietary games, reflecting a shift to in-house developed products in order to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. Our iGaming offerings typically include the full suite of games available in land-based casinos, such as blackjack, roulette and slot machines. We generate revenue through the gross bets placed less payouts on winning bets, which is also referred to as “hold.” Our P2P iGaming products include poker. As P2P operators, we are generally not exposed to the risks of game play or the outcome of the game, as we typically take a rake or commission from the game play. For P2P games, player liquidity, or the number or volume of players with an operator, is critical to the success of the game, with a greater number of players supporting a wider range and greater volume of games and larger tournaments, increasing the quality of the offering to the consumer. As a result, larger scale poker operations will benefit from superior player liquidity in their systems, which, in turn, improves their offering to customers, creating a positive feedback loop. We also offer our customers lottery produ cts through our Sisal brand under fix ed term licenses known as lottery concessions in various jurisdictions. For example, SuperEnalotto, Win for Life, VinciCasa, Eurojackpot, and SiVincTutto operate in Italy, Sisal Sans operates in Türkiye and Sisal Loterie Maroc operates in Morocco. Our lottery products involve customers purchasing a ticket where they have the potential to win a prize and where the winning outcome is drawn at random. Sisal receives a commission in respect of the lottery services provided under the concession agreement. Other We include within other product revenue our P2P sports betting and prediction markets products, which involve customers playing/betting against each other and not against the house, where we make a commission on the bets or contracts. Our P2P products include the Betfair betting exchanges, DFS and prediction markets offered by FanDuel and horse racing wagering offered under the TVG brand. We also offer business-to-business pricing and risk management services, where we earn revenues from providing these services to other businesses in our sector. Our Business United States Our U.S. segment offers sports betting, casino, DFS, horse racing wagering and prediction markets products to players across various states in the United States, mainly online but with sports betting services also provided through a small number of retail outlets, and certain online products in the province of Ontario in Canada. The U.S. segment is our fastest growing and our largest region, constituting $6,967 million (or 43%) of our revenue for fiscal 2025. For fiscal 2025, we had an approximately 41% share of the online sports betting market in the states where FanDuel sportsbook was live and an approximately 27% share of the iGaming market in states where FanDuel casino was live based on the gross gaming revenue. The U.S. segment consists of the following brands: FanDuel and TVG. As of December 31, 2025, our FanDuel online sportsbook was available in 25 states or territories, our FanDuel online casino was available in 5 states, our FanDuel paid DFS offering was available in 43 states, our FanDuel or TVG online horse racing wagering product was available in 32 states, our FanDuel Predicts product was available in 5 states and our FanDuel free-to-play products were available in all 50 states. International Our International segment includes our operations in approximately 100 global markets and offers sports betting, casino, poker and lottery. Our International segment constituted $9,416 million (or 57%) of our revenue for fiscal 2025. 3 Table of Contents United Kingdom and Ireland In the United Kingdom and Ireland, we offer sports betting (sportsbook), iGaming products (games, casino, bingo and poker) and other products (exchange betting) through our Sky Betting & Gaming, Paddy Power, Betfair and tombola brands. Although our UKI brands mostly operate online, this region also includes our 506 Paddy Power betting shops in the United Kingdom and Ireland as of December 31, 2025. Our UKI region constituted $3,547 million (or 22%) of our Group total revenue for fiscal 2025. Southern Europe and Africa In Italy, we offer our sports betting (sportsbook) and iGaming products (games, casino, poker and lottery) through our Sisal, Snai and PokerStars brands. We also offer our sports betting and iGaming products in Morocco and Türkiye. Our SEA region constituted $2,746 million (or 17%) of our Group total revenue for fiscal 2025. Asia Pacific In Australia, we offer online sports betting products through our Sportsbet brand, which operates exclusively in Australia and offers a wide range of betting products and experiences across local and global horse racing, sports, entertainment and major events. In India, we offered iGaming products through our Junglee brand until August 22, 2025, when we ceased offerings such products due to the ban on all forms of online real money gaming in India that went into effect. Our APAC region constituted $1,428 million (or 9%) of our Group total revenue for fiscal 2025. Central and Eastern Europe In Central and Eastern Europe (“CEE”), we offer online sports betting and iGaming products through our Adjarabet and Maxbet brands. Maxbet retail shops also offer our products in this region. Our CEE region constituted $604 million (or 4%) of our Group total revenue for fiscal 2025. Brazil In Brazil, we offer online sports betting, iGaming products and other products (exchange betting) through our Betfair and Betnacional brands. Our Brazil region constituted $227 million (or 1%) of our Group total revenue for fiscal 2025. Other Other regions comprise PokerStars’ non-Italian operations and Betfair's non-Brazilian business, where we offer online poker and exchange betting products. Other regions constituted $864 million (or 5%) of our Group total revenue for fiscal 2025. We plan to continue to diversify internationally and take our online offering into regulated markets with a gambling culture and a competitive tax framework under which we have the ability to offer a broad betting and iGaming product range. Seasonality Our product offerings are subject to a largely predictable degree of seasonality, although the seasonality of each of these products does differ, thereby reducing the effect on an aggregate basis. In particular, a majority of our current U.S. sports betting and DFS revenue is and will continue to be generated from bets placed on, or contests relating to, the NFL, the NBA, MLB and the NCAA, each of which has its own respective off-seasons, which may cause decreases in our future revenues during such periods. The schedule of significant sporting events that do not occur annually, such as the FIFA World Cup, the UEFA European Football Championship and/or marquee boxing matches, affect the volumes of bets collected over the course of that period. Our sportsbook revenue is driven by a combination of the timing of sporting and other events and the results of our operations are derived from those events. While our iGaming revenue also benefits from activity around sporting events, it is less dependent on the sporting calendar. The overall effect of any individual sporting event is small due to the number of sporting events that take place in any given year and the diversity of our revenue source. See “