Item 1. Business Year-End As previously reported, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a change in the Company’s fiscal year end from December 31 to June 30 of each calendar year, effective June 30, 2025. The change aligns the fiscal years of the Company with the Bloomia business and reflects the seasonality of the Bloomia business. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2026 is referred to as “Year Ended June 30, 2026”, the six-month transition period from January 1, 2025 to June 30, 2025 is referred to as “Six Months Ended June 30, 2025”, and the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2024 is referred to as “Year Ended December 31, 2024.” Name Change On January 28, 2026, the Company changed its name to Bloomia Holdings, Inc. by filing an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. As a result of the name change, effective February 2, 2026, the Company’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, ceased trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the name Lendway, Inc. and under the ticker symbol “LDWY” and began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the name Bloomia Holdings, Inc. and under new ticker symbol “TULP”. The CUSIP of our common stock did not change in connection with the name change or the ticker symbol change. General This Annual Report on Form 10-K is being filed by the registrant, Bloomia Holdings, Inc. (“Bloomia Holdings,” “we,” “us,” “our” and the “Company”), a Delaware corporation. The Company was initially organized as a Minnesota corporation in 1990. On August 4, 2023, the Company converted from a Minnesota corporation to a Delaware corporation. Our common stock trades under the symbol “TULP” on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. The Company has evolved into a specialty agricultural (“ag”) company focused on making and managing its ag investments in the United States (“U.S.”) and internationally. The Company is the majority owner of Fresh Tulips USA LLC, Bloomia B.V., and its affiliated entities, collectively referred to as “Bloomia.” Bloomia is a significant producer of fresh cut tulips (“stems”) in the U.S. On February 22, 2024, the Company acquired Bloomia for a purchase price of $47.5 million, financed with Company cash, a new credit facility, promissory notes payable to the sellers and issuing an equity interest in the new company (the “Acquisition”). Bloomia is one of the largest producers of fresh cut tulips in the United States, nurturing over 90 million stems annually. Bloomia purchases tulip bulbs, hydroponically grows tulips from the bulbs, and sells the stems to retail stores. The purchase of Bloomia was financed, partially with funds from the sale of the Company’s legacy business of providing in-store advertising solutions (the “In-Store Marketing Business”) for a price of $3,500,000. The operations of the In-Store Marketing Business are presented as discontinued operations in the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025 and Year Ended December 31, 2024. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements appearing in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a further description of the impact of the sale of the In-Store Marketing Business on the consolidated financial statements. The Company had previously planned to also develop a non-bank lending business via its wholly owned subsidiary, Farmland Credit, Inc. Promptly after receiving a notice of resignation from the Company’s then-serving Chief Executive Officer in June 2024, our Board of Directors reexamined the Company’s strategic position and prospects. Primarily because the departing Chief Executive Officer represented nearly all of the Company’s knowledge and expertise relating to the purchase of existing loans and/or origination and funding of new loans, the Company has determined to focus solely on the ag business. Because the non-bank lending business remained in development, this change did not have a significant adverse impact on the Company’s operations or financial results. 3 
 Table of Contents Our internet address is www.bloomiaholdingco.com. We make all reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including our annual reports on Form 10-K; quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; current reports on Form 8-K; and amendments to those reports, if any, available free of charge on our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such materials with, or furnishing them to the SEC. Our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Copies of reports can also be obtained free of charge by requesting them from Bloomia Holdings, Inc. Our mailing address is 5000 West 36th Street, Suite 220, Minneapolis, MN 55416; telephone 763-392-6200. Bloomia Acquisition On February 22, 2024, we completed the acquisition of Bloomia B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands. The Acquisition was completed through Tulp 24.1, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Tulp 24.1”) and Tulipa Acquisitie Holding B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and a wholly owned subsidiary of Tulp 24.1 ( “Tulipa”, together with Tulp 24.1, the “Purchasers”), pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of Shares (the “Purchase Agreement”) by and among Tulp 24.1, Tulipa, Botman Bloembollen B.V. (“Botman”), W.F. Jansen, who has continued to serve as chief executive officer of Bloomia (“Jansen”), and H.J. Strengers (“Strengers”, together with Botman and Jansen, the “Sellers”) and Bloomia Holdings, as the Guarantor. Following the Acquisition, Tulp 24.1 became the holder of 100% of the ownership interests of Bloomia. As a result of the Acquisition, Bloomia Holdings holds an 81.4% ownership interest in Tulp 24.1 and Jansen owns the remaining 18.6% ownership interest. The Acquisition was paid with $9,200,000 of the Company’s cash, $22,800,000 of proceeds from a new revolving credit and term loan agreement (the “Credit Agreement”), with Tulp 24.1 as the borrower (the “Borrower”) for a $18,000,000 term loan and a $6,000,000 revolving credit facility, and promissory notes payable to the sellers totaling $15,500,000. The Company provided an unsecured guaranty of the obligations of Tulp 24.1 under the Credit Agreement. About Bloomia Bloomia was founded in the Netherlands and has grown to become a leader in the fresh cut tulip industry in the U.S. Bloomia’s fiscal year is from July 1 to June 30. Bloomia nurtured approximately 90 million stems in the twelve months ending June 30, 2026. Bloomia operates from three strategically positioned locations in the United States, the Netherlands and South Africa, and also has a 30% interest in a greenhouse business in Chile. Bloomia operates greenhouses to hydroponically grow tulips at its United States and South Africa locations. Bloomia has invested in automation in its U.S. greenhouse in recent years that has increased production efficiency. Bloomia has historically sourced tulip bulbs from producers in the Netherlands, Chile, and New Zealand, which provides for year-round supply. Bulbs from the Southern Hemisphere are generally used from August to December, with the Northern Hemisphere produced bulbs used the remainder of the year. In the United States, Bloomia has established business relationships with prominent retailers. A small number of mass-market retailers in the U.S. have historically accounted for more than 75% of Bloomia’s total annual sales. Bloomia has expanded sales across the United States with the majority of sales occurring on the East Coast. Bloomia aims to offer premium tulip stems, the result of sourcing larger bulbs, that have a longer shelf life than imported stems. Growing tulip stems domestically allows for higher margins because the freight costs for importing bulbs by sea have been substantially less than the costs associated with importing stems by air. In the Netherlands, Bloomia’s office facilitates the sourcing of bulbs, conditioning to prepare bulbs for planting, and shipping of bulbs to its United States and South Africa facilities. In South Africa, Bloomia’s wholly owned subsidiary operates a greenhouse that has produced an average of approximately 3.5 million tulip stems per year over the last five years. The facility is capable of growing tulips hydroponically year-round. 4 
 Table of Contents In Chile, Bloomia has a 30% minority ownership interest in Araucania Flowers S.A. (“Araucania”). The operation grows tulips hydroponically year-round. Araucania traditionally sells to retailers located in Chile and Brazil. Customers Bloomia has well established customer relationships. In the U.S., Bloomia sells stems to some of the country’s largest mass-market retailers. During the twelve months ended June 30, 2026, Bloomia had approximately 40 customers in the U.S. Of those customers, four customers individually represented greater than 10% of Bloomia’s revenue, accounting for 20%, 18%, 11%, and 10% of its revenue during the twelve months ended June 30 2026. Industry The estimated market for cut flowers in the United States is over $8 billion, of which approximately 80% is imported and around 20% is produced within North America. Of overall cut flowers sales, approximately 15% is represented by tulip stems. Bloomia is one of the largest U.S. growers of tulips. Barriers to entry are considered high due to the need for high volumes and efficient operations to generate significant profitability. Seasonality In the U.S., the tulip industry has historically been highly seasonal due to peak demand between February and May, supported by the Valentine’s Day, Easter, and Mother’s Day holidays, and also because of the tulip bulbs’ growing season in traditional sourcing areas. Historically, over seventy percent of the Company’s annual revenue is earned in the six-month period between January and June. To facilitate those sales, the Company purchases bulbs between July and November to grow into stems sold in the peak season. The tulip market is growing outside of the peak season, as demand increases for other events such as birthdays and weddings. As one of only a few tulip producers in the U.S. with sourcing of bulbs from the Southern Hemisphere, we believe Bloomia is well positioned to fill this growing demand. Competition Bloomia competes with both local (U.S.) producers and foreign producers who import cut tulips, primarily from the Netherlands. Bloomia has carved out a strong competitive position amongst U.S. growers by developing unique infrastructure through the combination of hydroponics and historically strong relationships with suppliers. Growing tulips in a greenhouse using hydroponics enables year-round production and requires less water and nutrients to grow the stems, and results in tulips that are better quality and have a longer shelf life. By sourcing tulip bulbs from both the Netherlands and the Southern Hemisphere, Bloomia is able to offer quality fresh cut tulips year-round, meeting unmet demand. The Company mainly imports tulips bulbs to be grown into tulip stems in the U.S., which gives it a strategic advantage over competitors who import tulip stems which may have higher importing cost and be subject to higher tariffs. 5 
 Table of Contents Supply Chain The supply chain steps for U.S. operations are detailed below: Step 1: Procure bulbs: Purchase bulbs from established suppliers in the Netherlands or Southern Hemisphere. Step 2: Buffer storage: Bulbs kept in cooled storage in the Netherlands. Step 3: Shipping to U.S.: Bulbs are shipped via ocean containers. Step 4: Rooting: Bulbs are prepared for growing. Step 5: Growing: Bulbs are moved into the greenhouse. Step 6: Harvesting: Tulips are cut and wrapped. Step 7: Storage: Stems are stored in a cooled warehouse to prevent spoilage. Step 8: Transport: Stems are transported to retailers’ distribution centers. Step 9: Sales: Consumer sales at mass-market retailers. During the twelve months ended June 30, 2026, Bloomia sourced bulbs to grow over 90 million stems. Approximately 80% of bulbs were sourced from the Netherlands and 20% from the Southern Hemisphere. The Netherlands has around 600 tulip bulb growers, who jointly export over 2.5 billion tulip bulbs each year. Over the past five years, Bloomia has sourced from the 10 largest producers, 20 medium-sized producers, as well as from smaller producers; 80% of our supply comes from 20% of our suppliers. The Netherlands’ large-scale production of tulip bulbs has created an efficient marketplace for Bloomia to source bulbs. The large majority of Bloomia’s contracts for purchase of bulbs from growers in the Netherlands are short term; however, Bloomia has a long history with most of its suppliers. Bulb contracts obligate Bloomia only to buy an agreed upon volume of bulbs; bulb price is established through market pricing. Due to prior poor growing conditions in the Netherlands, the supply of bulbs decreased which increased the bulb price in fiscal year 2026. More recent growing conditions were favorable leading to a lower price per bulb for fiscal year 2027. To help facilitate year-round growing, Bloomia has also routinely sourced bulbs from Chile and New Zealand. Chile and New Zealand are currently the only countries in the Southern Hemisphere with bulb production at volume. By sourcing bulbs from around the world, Bloomia has bulbs that are ready for planting year-round, limiting its reliance on importing stems. Year-round production results in Bloomia being less exposed to higher logistics costs that result from importing stems. Bloomia has also made investments to automate its greenhouse. The automation of the greenhouse allows Bloomia to: ● scale production faster if needed to meet demand; ● increase greenhouse efficiency resulting in higher margins, and; ● reduce its dependence on seasonal labor. Bloomia and its customers conduct regular purchase planning meetings, enabling Bloomia to plan for delivery. Bloomia is also a member of three trade associations, providing import/export logistics support, marketing support, and support for conducting business with wholesalers. Intellectual Property: Patents and Trademarks Bloomia holds a trademark on its name and logo. Certain employees are required to enter into nondisclosure and invention assignment agreements. Customers, vendors, and other third parties also must agree to nondisclosure restrictions to prevent unauthorized disclosure of the Company’s trade secrets or other confidential or proprietary information. 6 
 Table of Contents Environmental Matters We believe our operations follow all applicable environmental regulations within the jurisdictions in which we operate. The costs and effects of compliance with these regulations have not been and are not expected to become material. Importers of cut flowers air ship stems to the U.S., while Bloomia ships bulbs via sea containers. Bloomia’s business model (shipping bulbs for local production) lowers its carbon footprint compared to importers of cut flowers. The hydroponic farming method is free of pesticides, requires less water and has fewer diseases, and requires substantially fewer import shipments. Governmental Regulation The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to regulation by various governmental agencies. Bloomia has an import permit from the USDA for shipments of tulip bulbs. For import of bulbs from the Netherlands to the U.S., Bloomia participates in a pre-clearance program with the USDA where the climate-controlled tulip bulb shipments are inspected in the Netherlands, and the containers are sealed in the Netherlands. While there is a process for random inspection by the USDA once the shipment arrives on U.S. shores, receiving of the shipment is generally expedited. Chile has a similar process through the USDA. European Union regulations may impact aspects of the growing of tulip bulbs in the Netherlands. The Company’s bulb imports have been subject to a 10-15% U.S. tariff since April 2025. U.S. tariffs of approximately $1,900,000 paid in fiscal year 2026 were deemed illegal and refunded to the Company, primarily in July 2026. Beginning in fiscal year 2027, the Company is subject to 10-15% U.S. tariffs for imported bulbs. This tariff is paid by the Company and is subject to increase, decrease, or elimination depending on trade negotiations among governments. The Company endeavors to pass these cost increases on to customers, but it is unlikely that customers will be willing or able to absorb all cost increases. Employee and Human Capital Resources As of June 30, 2026, the Company and its subsidiaries had approximately 105 employees, most of whom were full-time employees. None of the employees are represented by labor unions. Due to the seasonal nature of the business, the Company’s headcount grows from January to May to meet demand. The Company hired approximately 75 additional workers during this high season in 2026, most of which were H-2A temporary visa workers. As of June 30, 2026, there were no seasonal employees. We regard our relationship with our employees as favorable. Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incenting, and integrating our employees. Our human capital function also requests quarterly feedback through surveys and focus groups to continuously improve the workplace and employee relations. As it relates to our employees: Oversight and Management Our executive officers are tasked with leading our organization and managing employment-related matters, including recruiting, hiring, onboarding, training, compensation planning, talent management, and development. We are committed to providing team members with the training, continuing education, and resources necessary to continually strengthen their skills both inside and outside the workplace. Our executive team is responsible for periodically reviewing employee benefits, including healthcare, paid time off and other benefits, as well as our management development and succession planning practices. Management periodically reports to our Board of Directors regarding our human capital measures and results, which guide how we attract, retain, and develop a workforce to enable our business strategies. 7 
 Table of Contents Workplace Safety and Health A vital part of our business is providing our workforce with a safe, healthy, and sustainable working environment. We focus on implementing change through workforce observation and feedback channels to recognize risk and continuously improve our processes. Our team continues to also focus on improving our educational materials for employees, including sharing material in English and Spanish and keeping informed of the best safety practices based on OSHA guidelines and workplace observations.