Item 1A. Risk Factors As previously discussed, our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. These and many other factors described in this report could adversely affect our operations, performance and financial condition. In addition, you should carefully consider the risk factors described in Barnes & Noble Education, Inc.’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q which are filed with the SEC and are available at www.sec.gov. Immersion Segment Risks We have an evolving business model, which increases the complexity of our business. Our business model has evolved in the past and continues to do so. We intend to offer additional types of products and services and make strategic acquisitions, and we do not know whether any of them will be successful. From time to time we have also modified aspects of our business model relating to our product, service and investment mix. We do not know whether these or any other modifications will be successful. The additions and modifications to our business have increased the complexity of our business and may place strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. Future additions to or modifications of our business are likely to have similar effects. Further, any change to our business, product or asset mix that is not favorably received by the market could damage our reputation or our brand. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business. Although we have been profitable from operations since 2020, there is no assurance that we will continue to generate net income in the future. We may not be able to maintain or increase profitability. In recent years, we have focused primarily on our operating priorities of entering into new licenses, renewing existing licenses and our enforcement strategy to maximize our profitable licensing opportunities and increase stockholder value. Our ability to remain profitable depends upon our ability to generate the same or increasing levels of revenue from such operating activities. Failure to enter into new licenses or to renew existing licenses could have an adverse impact on our operating results and profitability. Further, future revenues will depend on our ability to maintain or grow demand for our haptic patents. Any potential future losses, if and when they occur, could have an adverse impact on our stockholders' equity and working capital. Our business strategy includes acquisitions, and acquisitions entail numerous risks, including the risk of management diversion and increased costs and expenses, all of which could negatively affect the Company’s profitability. Our business strategy includes, among other things, strategic acquisitions, as well as potential opportunistic acquisitions and strategic actions with respect to our existing investments, such as restructurings, strategic partnerships and collaborations and activist activity. This overall acquisition and investment strategy entails several risks, including the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the incurrence of substantial legal and other advisory fees (including, in the case of activist activity, proxy solicitation fees) and the potential need to finance such acquisitions with additional equity and/or debt. Additionally, to the extent that we are already invested in the entities that are the subject of our acquisitions and other activities, our actions may be temporarily disruptive to the value of the investments, which could adversely affect our financial condition. In addition, once completed, acquisitions may entail further risks, including: unanticipated costs and liabilities of the acquired businesses, including environmental liabilities, that could materially adversely affect our results of operations; increased regulatory compliance relating to the acquired business; difficulties in assimilating acquired businesses, their personnel and their financial reporting systems, which would prevent the expected benefits from the transaction from being realized within the anticipated timeframe; negative effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; and loss of key employees of the acquired businesses. In addition, any future acquisitions could result in the incurrence of additional debt and related interest expense, contingent liabilities and amortization expense related to intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows, or the issuance of additional equity, which could dilute our stockholder’s equity interests. There can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate any pending acquisition successfully, receive the required approvals for any acquisition or otherwise conclude any acquisition successfully, or that any acquisition will achieve the anticipated synergies or other positive results. Overall, if our acquisition strategy is not successful or if acquisitions are not well integrated into our existing operations, the Company’s profitability, business, and financial condition could be negatively affected. 
 17 

 Our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price can be adversely affected by catastrophic events, such as natural disasters, war, acts of terrorism, pandemics, epidemics, or other public health emergencies. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price can be adversely affected by catastrophic events, such as natural disasters, war, acts of terrorism, pandemics, epidemics, or other public health emergencies. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 resulted in governments around the world repeatedly implementing stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, travel restrictions, business curtailments, school closures, and other measures, which resulted in a significant number of layoffs or furloughs of employees, and/or other negative economic conditions in many of the countries in which we operate. A similar catastrophic event, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price. The uncertain economic and political environment could reduce our revenues and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The current global economic conditions and political climate could materially hurt our business in a number of ways, including longer sales and renewal cycles, exchange rate volatility, delays in adoption of our products or technologies or those of our customers, increased risk of competition, higher taxes and tariffs on goods incorporating our technologies, higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue, delays in signing or failing to sign customer agreements or signing customer agreements with reduced royalty rates. In addition, our customers, potential customers, and business partners would likely face similar challenges, which could materially and adversely affect the level of business they conduct with us or the sales volume of products that include our technology. Changes in trade policies, including tariffs or other trade restrictions or the threat of such actions, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While limited in specificity, the U.S. federal government administration has recently announced changes in trade policies and imposed or increased tariffs on imports into the country. There is significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the U.S. and other countries impacted by such trade policies and tariffs. We cannot predict what further action may be taken with respect to trade policies, tariffs or trade relations between the U.S. and other governments, and any further changes in U.S. or international trade policy. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, may have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global trade between the impacted nations and the U.S. and could have an adverse effect on our operations or financial position. If we are unable to renew our existing licensing arrangements for our patents and other technologies on favorable terms that are consistent with our business objectives, our royalty and license revenue and cash flow could be materially and adversely affected. Our revenues and cash flows are largely dependent on our ability to renew existing licensing arrangements. If we are unable to obtain renewed licenses on terms consistent with our business objectives or effectively maintain, expand, and support our relationships with our licensees, our licensing revenue and cash flow could decline. In addition, the process of negotiating license arrangements requires significant time, effort and expense. Due to the length of time required to negotiate a license arrangement, there may be delays in the receipt of the associated revenue, which could negatively impact our revenue and cash flow. Specific challenges that we face related to negotiations with existing licensees include: • difficulties in persuading existing customers to renew a license to our patents or other technologies (including delays associated with existing customers questioning the scope, validity, or enforceability) without the expenditure of significant resources; • difficulties in persuading existing customers that they need a license to our patents as individual patents expire or become limited in scope, declared unenforceable or invalidated; • reluctance of existing customers to renew their license to our patents or other technologies because other companies are not licensed; • difficulties in renewing gaming licenses if video game console makers choose not to license third parties to make peripherals for their new consoles, if video game console makers no longer require peripherals to play video games, if video game console makers no longer utilize technology in the peripherals that are covered by our patents or if the overall market for video game consoles deteriorates substantially; • the competition we may face from third parties, including the internal design and development teams of existing licensees; and 
 18 

 • inability of current licensees to ship certain devices if they are involved in IP infringement claims by third parties that ultimately prevent them from shipping products or that impose substantial royalties on their products. If we are unable to enter into new licensing arrangements for our patents on favorable terms that are consistent with our business objectives, our royalty and license revenue and cash flow could be materially adversely affected. Our revenue growth is largely dependent on our ability to enter into new licensing arrangements. If we are unable to obtain new licenses on terms consistent with our business objectives, our licensing revenue and cash flow could decline. In addition, the process of negotiating license arrangements requires significant time, effort and expense; due to the length of time required to negotiate a license arrangement, there may be delays in the receipt of the associated revenue, which could negatively impact our revenues and cash flows. Specific challenges that we face related to negotiations with prospective licensees include: • difficulties in brand awareness among prospective customers, especially in markets in which we have not traditionally participated; • difficulties in persuading prospective customers to take a license to our patents (including delays associated with prospective customers questioning the scope, validity or enforceability of our patents) without the expenditure of significant resources; • reluctance of prospective customers to engage in discussions with us due to our history of litigation; • difficulties in persuading prospective customers that they need a license to our patents as individual patents expire or become limited in scope, declared unenforceable or invalidated; • reluctance of prospective customers to license our patents or other technologies because other companies are not licensed; • the competition we may face from third parties, including the internal design teams of prospective customers; • difficulties in achieving and maintaining consumer and market demand or acceptance for our products; • difficulties in persuading third parties to work with us, to rely on us for critical technology, and to disclose to us proprietary product development and other strategies; and • challenges in demonstrating the compelling value of our technologies and challenges associated with prospective customers’ ability to easily implement our technologies. A limited number of customers account for a significant portion of our revenue, and the loss of major customers could harm our operating results. Historically, a significant amount of our revenue has been derived from a limited number of customers, and we expect that this will continue to be the case in the future. For example, for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2026, the top five customers accounted for a significant amount of our total revenues. In addition, we cannot be certain that other customers that have accounted for significant revenue in past periods, individually or as a group, will continue to generate similar revenue in any future period. If we fail to renew or lose a major customer or group of customers, or if a major customer decides that our patents no longer cover our products and stops paying us royalties, our revenue could decline if we are unable to replace the lost revenue with revenue from other sources. In addition, if potential customers or customers with expiring agreements view the loss of one of our major customers as an indicator of the value of our software and/or the strength of our intellectual property, they may choose not to take or renew a license which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 19 

 If our customers discontinue product lines that incorporate our technology, our operating results may be negatively impacted. Our royalties from licenses and therefore the growth of our business are dependent, in part, on the success of our customers’ products that incorporate our haptic patents. Many of the industries we license into are highly competitive. Our existing customers have in the past decided and may decide in the future to exit these industries and focus their resources on industries we do not license into or where we have achieved less market penetration. For example, on April 5, 2021, LGE announced that it would wind down and close its mobile business unit by July 31, 2021. The discontinuation of such product lines by our customers has resulted in and may in the future result in lower shipments of products that incorporate our haptic patents which in turn has had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our failure to continuously develop or acquire patents could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from licenses and royalties from our existing haptic patents. Our current intellectual property portfolio consists of patents issued in multiple jurisdictions covering various aspects of our devices and related technology. Patent expiration or adverse rulings on the validity of our patents could adversely affect our ability to enter into or renew licensing arrangements and future product development, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial position. Further, as we continue to evaluate our ongoing business, we continue to focus on our operating priorities of entering into new licenses, renewing existing licenses and our enforcement strategy, while maintaining and growing our profitability, and we may not maintain our market position in haptics or our profitability. Shortages of electronic components (such as integrated circuits) that may be integral to the manufacturing of our customers’ products may cause a decrease in production and sales of our customers’ products which could result in lower royalties payable to us. Many of our customers report and pay royalties to us based on the number of products in their shipments that incorporate our patented technology or other technology. Our customers’ products may incorporate various electronic components, such as integrated circuits. A significant disruption in the supply of these electronic components (such as integrated circuits) could decrease the number of products that our customers sell, which could reduce the amount of royalties that are payable to us. For instance, the semiconductor industry has over the past several years faced significant global supply chain issues as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related imposition of government restrictions on staffing and facility operations, supply chain shortages, and other disruptions and may continue to face global supply chain issues as the result of tariffs and international trade tensions. If our customers experience significant shortages of electronic components that result in a reduction in our revenues, then our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price may be adversely affected. We are or may become involved in litigation, arbitration and administrative proceedings to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights and to defend our licensing practices that are expensive, disruptive and time consuming, and will continue to be, until resolved, and regardless of whether we are ultimately successful, could adversely affect our business. If we believe that a third party is required, but has declined, to license our intellectual property in order to manufacture, sell, offer for sale, import or use products, we have in the past and may in the future commence legal or administrative action against such third party. In some cases, we have and may become party to legal proceedings in which we are adverse to companies that have significantly greater financial resources than us. We anticipate that currently pending and any future legal proceedings will continue to be costly, especially in cases where our adverse parties have access to relatively more significant resources. Since there can be no assurance that we will be successful or be able to cover the costs we incur in connection with the legal proceedings (including outside counsel fees), as we incur additional legal costs, the cash available for other parts of our business may decrease. In addition, litigation could lead to counterclaims, adverse rulings affecting our patents, and could harm our relationship with our customers and potential customers, who may postpone licensing decisions pending the outcome of the litigation or dispute, or who may choose not to adopt our technologies. Although protecting our intellectual property is a fundamental part of our business, at times, our legal proceedings have diverted, and could continue to divert the efforts and attention of some of our key management and personnel away from our licensing transactions and other aspects of our business. As a result, until such time as it is resolved or concluded, litigation, arbitration and administrative proceedings could cause our technology to be perceived as less valuable in the marketplace, which could reduce our sales and adversely affect our business. Further, any unfavorable outcome could adversely affect our business. For additional background on our pending litigation, please see Note 19. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The terms in our agreements may be construed by our licensees in a manner that is inconsistent with the rights that we have granted to other licensees or in a manner that may require us to incur substantial costs to resolve conflicts over license terms. 
 20 

 In order to generate revenues from our patent and other technology licensing business, we regularly enter into agreements pursuant to which our licensees are granted certain rights to our patents and other technology. These rights vary in scope and nature depending on the customer: for example, we may grant a licensee the right to use our technology in certain fields of use or with respect to limited market sectors or product categories, and we may or may not grant a licensee exclusive rights or sublicensing rights. We refer to the license terms and restrictions in our agreements, including, but not limited to, field of use definitions, market sector, and product category definitions, collectively, as “License Provisions”. Due to the continuing evolution of market sectors, product categories, and business models and to the compromises inherent in the drafting and negotiation of License Provisions, our licensees may interpret License Provisions in their agreements in a way that is different from our interpretation of such License Provisions or in a way that is inconsistent with the rights that we have granted to other licensees. Such conflicting interpretations by our licensees may lead to claims that we have granted rights to one licensee that are inconsistent with the rights that we have granted to another licensee or that create a dispute as to which products are covered by the license and are thus subject to a royalty payment. We have in the past and may in the future become involved in similar disputes. Many of our customers report royalties to us based on (i) the number of products in their shipments that incorporate our patented technology or other technology or (ii) our customers’ revenues and their interpretation and allocation of contracted royalty rates. When assessing payments due by customers under these types of arrangements, we rely upon the accuracy of our customers’ recordkeeping and reporting, and inaccuracies or payment disputes regarding amounts our customers owe under their licensing agreements may negatively impact our results of operations. The royalties that are originally reported by a customer could differ materially from those determined by either a customer-self-reported correction or from an audit we have performed on a customer’s books and records. Differing interpretations of royalty calculations may also cause disagreements during customer audits, may lead to claims or litigation, and may have an adverse effect on the results of our operations. Further, although our agreements generally give us the right to audit books and records of our licensees, audits can be expensive and time consuming and may not be cost-justified based on our understanding of our licensees’ businesses. Pursuant to our license compliance program, we audit certain licensees to review the accuracy of the information contained in their royalty reports in an effort to decrease the risk of our not receiving royalty revenues to which we are entitled, but we cannot give assurances that such audits will be effective. In addition, after we enter into an agreement, it is possible that markets and/or products that incorporate our patented technology or other technology, or legal and/or regulatory environments, will evolve in an unexpected manner that could affect the scope of our rights to royalties under such agreement or another one of our licensing agreements or our ability to enforce and defend the technology covered by such agreement or another one of our licensing agreements. As a result, in any agreement, we may have granted rights that will preclude or restrict our exploitation of new opportunities that arise after the execution of the agreement. Our licenses with semiconductor and actuator manufacturers may cause confusion as to our licensing model and may prevent us from enforcing our patents based on the patent exhaustion doctrine, the implied license doctrine, or other legal doctrines. We also license our software and/or patents to semiconductor and actuator manufacturers who incorporate our technologies into their integrated circuits or actuators for use in certain electronic devices. While our relationships with these manufacturers increase our distribution channels by leveraging their sales channels, this could introduce confusion into our licensing model which has traditionally been focused on licensing the OEM. In addition, licensing to semiconductor and actuator manufacturers increases the risk of patent exhaustion and implied licenses such that incorrectly structured licenses could negatively impact our business and financial results. Potential patent and litigation reform legislation, potential United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) and international patent rule changes, potential legislation affecting mechanisms for patent enforcement and available remedies, and potential changes to the intellectual property rights policies of worldwide standards bodies, as well as rulings in legal proceedings may affect our investments in research and development and our strategies for patent prosecution, licensing and enforcement and could have a material adverse effect on our licensing business as well as our business as a whole. Potential changes to certain U.S. and international patent laws, rules and regulations may occur in the future, some or all of which may affect our research and development investments, patent prosecution costs, the scope of future patent coverage we secure, remedies that we may be entitled to in patent litigation, and attorneys’ fees or other remedies that could be sought against us, and may require us to reevaluate and modify our research and development activities and patent prosecution, licensing and enforcement strategies. Similarly, legislation designed to reduce the jurisdiction and remedial authority of the United States International Trade Commission (the “USITC”) has periodically been introduced in Congress. Any potential changes in the law, the IP rights policies of standards bodies or other developments that reduce the number of forums available or the type of relief available in such forums 
 21 

 (such as injunctive relief), restrict permissible licensing practices (such as our ability to license on a worldwide portfolio basis) or that otherwise cause us to seek alternative forums (such as arbitration or state court), could make it more difficult for us to enforce our patents, whether in adversarial proceedings or in negotiations. Because we have historically depended on the availability of certain forms of legal process to (i) enforce our patents and (ii) obtain fair and adequate compensation for our investments in research and development and for the unauthorized use of our intellectual property, developments in law and/or policy that undermine our ability to do so could have a negative impact on future licensing efforts and on revenue derived from such efforts. Rulings of courts and administrative bodies may affect our strategies for patent prosecution, licensing and enforcement. For example, in recent years, the USITC and U.S. courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit have taken actions that have been viewed as unfavorable to patentees. Decisions that occur in U.S. or in international forums may change the law applicable to various patent law issues, such as with respect to, patentability, validity, patent exhaustion, patent misuse, remedies, permissible licensing practices, claim construction, and damages in ways that could be detrimental to our ability to enforce patents in our IP portfolio and to obtain damages awards. We continue to monitor and evaluate our strategies for prosecution, licensing and enforcement with regard to these developments in law and policy; however, any resulting change in such strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. If we are not able to attract, recruit and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to effectively deploy our technologies. Our technologies are complex, and we rely upon our employees to identify new sales and business development opportunities, support and maintain positive relationships with our licensees. Accordingly, we need to be able to attract, recruit, integrate, and retain personnel, including individuals highly specialized in patent licensing in order to deploy our technologies and to sustain revenue generation. Competition for talented candidates is intense, especially for individuals with patent licensing, and haptics expertise, and we may not be successful in attracting, integrating, and continuing to motivate such qualified personnel. In this competitive recruiting environment, especially when hiring in geographical regions that have higher costs of living, our compensation packages need to be attractive to the candidates we recruit. In addition, based on potential volatility in our quarterly revenues, it could be difficult to craft compensation plans that will attract and retain personnel with the skills to secure complex licensing arrangements. In certain geographical regions, candidates and employees view the stock component of compensation as an important factor in deciding both whether to accept an employment opportunity as well as whether to remain in a position at a company. Even if we are able to present robust compensation packages that enable us to attract and recruit new candidates for hire, we may not be able to retain our current executive officers and key employees if the structure of their compensation packages does not provide incentives for them to remain employed by us. We have experienced turnover in our senior management and our employee base, which could result in operational and administrative inefficiencies and could hinder the execution of our growth strategy. We have experienced turnover in our senior management. For example, in March 2023, Francis Jose, the former General Counsel and in May 2023, Aaron Akerman, the former Chief Financial Officer, resigned from their respective positions with the Company. In addition, in January 2023, Eric Singer was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer, and in June 2023, Michael Dodson was appointed the Chief Financial Officer. Lack of management continuity could harm our customer relationships, adversely affect our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy, result in operational and administrative inefficiencies and added costs, and could impede our ability to recruit new talented individuals to senior management positions. All or any of these could adversely impact the results of operations and stock price. Our success largely depends on our ability to integrate any new senior management within our organization in order to achieve our operating objectives, and changes in other key positions may affect our financial performance and results of operations as new members of management become familiar with our business. General employee turnover also presents the risks discussed in this paragraph. We may incur greater tax liability than we have provided for or have anticipated and may incur additional tax liability due to certain indemnification agreements with certain licensees, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. We began a reorganization of our corporate organization in 2019 in order to address changing international tax laws and to re-align our corporate structure with the evolving nature of our international business activities. As a result of this reorganization, we have maintained our overall effective tax rate through changes in how we develop and use our intellectual property and changes in the structure of our international sales operations, including by entering into intercompany arrangements. There can be no assurance that the taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate or to which we are otherwise deemed to have sufficient tax nexus will not challenge the restructuring or the tax position that we take. 
 22 

 Our tax rate is dependent on our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with the reorganization of our corporate organization and applicable tax provisions, as well as on our achieving our forecasted revenue growth rates. If the intended tax treatment is not accepted by the applicable taxing authorities, changes in tax law negatively impact the structure, or we do not operate our business consistent with the intended reorganization and applicable tax provisions, we may fail to achieve the financial efficiencies that we anticipate as a result of the reorganization and our future operating results and financial condition may be negatively impacted. In addition, future changes to U.S. or non-U.S. tax laws, including legislation to reform U.S. or other countries’ taxation of the organization. Additionally, from time to time, we enter into license agreements with our licensees pursuant to which we may agree to indemnify a customer for certain taxes imposed on the customer by an applicable tax authority and related expense. We have received requests from certain licensees requesting that we reimburse them for certain tax liabilities. For example, since October 16, 2017, we have ongoing disputes related to LGE’s request that we reimburse LGE with respect to withholding tax imposed on LGE by the Korean tax authorities following an investigation where the tax authority determined that LGE failed to withhold on LGE’s royalty payments to Immersion Software Ireland from 2012 to 2014. For additional background on this matter, please see Note 19. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. During the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2026, the Company determined that it would discontinue litigation related to certain Korean withholding tax matters involving LGE. Because the recoverability of provisional deposits previously made in connection with those matters depended on successful resolution of the related proceedings, the Company concluded that the remaining carrying amount of such deposits was not recoverable. Accordingly, the Company recorded additional income tax expense of approximately $5.9 million and reduced the carrying amount of the related long-term deposits to zero. The income tax expense was partially offset by the reversal of the related unrecognized tax benefit accrual of $0.3 million. In the event that it is determined that we are obligated to further indemnify LGE for withholding taxes imposed by the Korean tax authorities, receive further requests for reimbursement of tax liabilities from other licensees, we could incur significant expenses. Our international revenues subject us to additional risks and costs. International revenues accounted for approximately 75% of our total revenues in the fiscal year ended April 30, 2026. International operations are subject to a number of difficulties, risks, and special costs, including: • compliance with multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations; • laws and business practices favoring local competitors; • foreign exchange and currency risks; • changing import and export restrictions, duties, tariffs, quotas and other barriers; • business risks, including fluctuations in demand for our technologies and products and the cost and effort to conduct international operations and travel abroad to promote international distribution and overall global economic conditions; • multiple conflicting and changing tax laws and regulations; • political and economic instability; and • the possibility of an outbreak of hostilities or unrest in markets where major customers are located, including Korea. In addition, since we derive a significant portion of our revenues from licenses and royalties from our haptic patents in foreign countries, our ability to maintain and grow our revenue in foreign countries, such as China, will depend in part on our ability to obtain additional patent rights in these countries and our ability to effectively enforce such patents and contractual rights in these countries, which is uncertain. Our technology licenses with customers in foreign countries subject us to an increased risk of theft of our technology. It may be more difficult for us to protect our IP in foreign countries, and as a result foreign counterparties may be more likely to steal our know-how, reverse engineering our software, or infringe our patents. Our failure to comply with complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 23 

 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the “FCPA”) and other anticorruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the jurisdictions in which we do business, both domestic and abroad. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees from improperly influencing government officials in order to obtain or retain business, direct business to any person or gain any improper advantage. The FCPA and other applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws also may hold us liable for acts of corruption and bribery committed by our third-party business partners, representatives and agents. While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that our employees and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible and our exposure for violating these laws increases as our international presence expands and as we increase sales in foreign jurisdictions. Any violation of such laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, imposition of significant legal fees, and other consequences which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. Our international revenues could also increase our exposure to foreign and international laws and regulations. If we cannot comply with foreign laws and regulations, which are often complex and subject to variation, differing or inconsistent government interpretation, and unexpected changes, we could incur unexpected costs and potential litigation. For example, the governments of foreign countries might attempt to regulate our products or levy sales or other taxes relating to our activities. In addition, foreign countries may impose tariffs, duties, price controls, or other restrictions on foreign currencies or trade barriers, any of which could make it more difficult for us to conduct our business internationally. Our international revenues could also increase our exposure to complex international tax rules and regulations. Changes in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations may adversely affect our income tax provision. In addition, our revenues outside the United States may be affected by changes in trade protection laws, policies and measures, and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment, including the FCPA and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments by our employees, vendors, or agents. Our sales to customers or sales by our customers to their end customers in some areas outside the United States could be subject to government export regulations or restrictions that prohibit us or our licensees from selling to customers in some countries or that require us or our licensees to obtain licenses or approvals to export such products internationally. Delays or denial of the grant of any required license or approval, or changes to the regulations, could make it difficult or impossible to make sales to foreign customers in some countries and could adversely affect our revenue. In addition, we could be subject to fines and penalties for violation of these export regulations if we were found in violation. Such violation could result in penalties, including prohibiting us from exporting our products to one or more countries, and could materially and adversely affect our business. We may not be able to continue to derive significant revenues from third party gaming peripheral makers for video gaming platforms. We seek to engage with third party gaming peripheral makers to utilize our advanced haptic technologies and expand the use of haptics across the gaming market. If our engagement efforts are not successful or are significantly delayed, we may be unsuccessful in our efforts in the gaming market, which could have an adverse effect on our revenues. While Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo are among our licensees in the gaming market, a significant portion of our gaming royalty revenues comes from third-party peripheral makers who make licensed gaming products designed for use with popular video game console systems from such video game console makers. Video game console systems are closed, proprietary systems, and video game console system makers typically impose certain requirements or restrictions on third-party peripheral makers who wish to make peripherals that will be compatible with a particular video game console system. If third-party peripheral makers cannot or are not allowed to satisfy these requirements or restrictions, our gaming royalty revenues could be significantly reduced. Furthermore, should a significant video game console maker choose to omit touch-enabling capabilities from its console systems or restrict or impede the ability of third parties to make touch-enabling peripherals, it could lead our gaming licensees to stop making