ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS RISK FACTOR SUMMARY Our business is subject to numerous risks. The following summary highlights some of the risks you should consider with respect to our business and prospects. This summary is not complete and the risks summarized below are not the only risks we face. You should review and consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described in more detail in “Risk Factors” below, which includes a more complete discussion of the risks summarized here. RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS • We have in the past been and may in the future be unable to retain clients or maintain a high level of engagement with our clients and maintain or increase their spending with us, which has and could continue to harm our business, financial condition, or operating results. • Our growth depends on attracting new clients. • Our business depends on artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies, and any failure of, or issues arising from, these technologies could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • Risks associated with the sourcing and pricing of merchandise and raw materials, including those related to tariffs and shifting trade policies, could adversely affect our business. • We rely on paid marketing to help grow our business, but these efforts may not be successful or cost effective, and such expenses and the success of our efforts may vary from period to period. • If we are unable to manage our inventory effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected. • If we fail to effectively manage our transformation or other business strategies, our financial condition and operating results could be harmed. • Operational constraints at our fulfillment centers or our failure to adequately and effectively staff our fulfillment centers could adversely affect our client experience and operating results. • Shipping is a critical part of our business and any changes in our shipping arrangements or any interruptions in shipping could adversely affect our operating results. • We may not be able to maintain revenue growth and we may not be profitable in the future. • If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, effectively manage succession, or hire, develop, and motivate our employees, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected. • Our business depends on a strong brand and we may not be able to maintain our brand and reputation. • If we fail to effectively manage our Stylists, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected. • If we are unable to acquire new merchandise vendors or retain existing merchandise vendors, our operating results may be harmed. • Our client metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may reduce the perceived usefulness and reliability of the metric and harm our stock price. • We may incur significant losses from fraud. • We are subject to payment-related risks. • Our real estate leases subject us to various financial risks. RISKS RELATING TO OUR INDUSTRY, THE MARKET, AND THE ECONOMY • We rely on consumer discretionary spending and may be adversely affected by economic downturns, inflation, economic uncertainty, and other macroeconomic conditions or trends. • Our industry is highly competitive and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected. • Our operating results have been, and could be in the future, adversely affected by natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, or other catastrophic events. CYBERSECURITY, LEGAL, AND REGULATORY RISKS • System interruptions that impair client access to our website or other performance failures in our technology infrastructure could damage our business. • Compromises of our data security or that of our third-party service providers could cause us to incur unexpected expenses and liability, and may materially harm our reputation and operating results. STITCH FIX, INC. | 2026 FORM 10-K | 7 Table of Contents • Some of our software and systems contain open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary applications. • Adverse litigation judgments or settlements resulting from legal proceedings in which we are or may be involved have in the past and could in the future expose us to monetary damages or limit our ability to operate our business. • Any failure by us or our vendors to comply with product safety, labor, or other laws, or our standard vendor terms and conditions, or to provide safe factory conditions for our or their workers, may damage our reputation and brand, and harm our business. • Our use of personal information, other personal data, and sensitive information subjects us to numerous and evolving privacy and security laws and other obligations (such as cybersecurity and data protection in contracts), and our compliance with or failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. • Unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with evolving internet and eCommerce regulations could substantially harm our business and operating results. • If the use of “cookie” tracking technologies is further restricted, regulated, or blocked, or if changes in technology cause cookies to become less reliable or acceptable as a means of tracking consumer behavior, the amount or accuracy of internet user information we collect would decrease, which could harm our business and operating results. • If we cannot successfully protect our intellectual property, our business would suffer. • We may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. RISKS RELATING TO TAXES • Changes in U.S. tax or tariff policy regarding goods produced in other countries could adversely affect our business. • We could be required to collect additional sales taxes or be subject to other tax liabilities that may increase the costs our clients would have to pay for our offering and adversely affect our operating results. • Federal income tax reform could have unforeseen effects on our financial condition and results of operations. • We may be subject to additional tax liabilities, which could adversely affect our operating results. • Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. RISKS RELATING TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR CLASS A COMMON STOCK • The market price of our Class A common stock may continue to be volatile or may decline steeply or suddenly regardless of our operating performance and we may not be able to meet investor or analyst expectations. • We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock and could diminish our cash reserves. • Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline. • The dual class structure of our common stock concentrates voting control with certain significant shareholders, including our current and former directors, executive officers, and their affiliates, and may depress the trading price of our Class A common stock. • We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our Class A common stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation of the value of our Class A common stock. • Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of our Class A common stock. • Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States are the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. GENERAL RISK FACTORS • Future securities sales and issuances could result in significant dilution to our stockholders and impair the market price of our Class A common stock. • If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy of our reported financial information and this may lead to a decline in our stock price. • We may not be able to generate sufficient capital to support and grow our business, and outside capital might not be available or may be available only by diluting existing stockholders. STITCH FIX, INC. | 2026 FORM 10-K | 8 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider and read carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as other information included in this Annual Report and in our other public filings. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. In such case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below. RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS We have in the past been and may in the future be unable to retain clients or maintain a high level of engagement with our clients and maintain or increase their spending with us, which has and could continue to harm our business, financial condition, or operating results. If our existing clients no longer find our service and merchandise appealing or appropriately priced, they may make fewer purchases or may stop using Stitch Fix altogether. Even if our existing clients continue to find our service and merchandise appealing, they may decide to receive fewer Fixes or purchase fewer items from their Fixes or through Freestyle as their demand for new apparel declines, due to macroeconomic conditions, or for other reasons. A high proportion of our revenue comes from repeat purchases by existing clients, especially those existing clients who are highly engaged and purchase a significant amount of merchandise from us. If clients who receive Fixes most frequently or purchase a significant amount of merchandise from us make fewer or lower priced purchases or stop using our service altogether, our financial results will be negatively affected. For instance, as of the end of fiscal year ended July 29, 2023 (“fiscal 2023”) and each reporting period thereafter, our number of active clients decreased compared to the prior year period due to our inability to attract new clients and retain existing clients. This negatively affected our revenue for these periods and is expected to continue to negatively affect our revenue. We seek to attract high-quality clients who will remain clients for the long term, but our efforts may not be successful or produce the results we anticipate. For example, if we are not able to engage new clients effectively so they continue receiving Fixes after their first few tries, our number of active clients will continue to suffer. Our inability to attract and keep high-quality clients engaged, a continued year over year decrease in our number of active clients, or a decrease in client spending has in the past negatively affected and we expect will continue to negatively affect our operating results. Our growth depends on attracting new clients. Our success depends on our ability to attract new clients in a cost-effective manner. To expand our client base, we must appeal to and acquire clients who have historically used other means to purchase apparel, shoes, and accessories, such as traditional brick-and-mortar retailers or other online retailers. We currently utilize both digital and offline channels to attract new visitors to our website or mobile app and convert them into clients. Our marketing costs are largely composed of advertising, client referrals, and public relations expenses. Our marketing expenses have varied from period to period, and we expect this trend to continue as we evolve our marketing strategies. We cannot be certain that increases in marketing spend will yield more clients, achieve meaningful payback on our investments, or be cost effective. We may also adjust our marketing strategy or decrease spend within a period if we are not achieving the intended results or if we believe the return-on-investment is not favorable, which may result in faster or slower rates of active client growth in any given period. In addition, we seek to attract and retain clients by offering new products, services, and ways to engage with our platform. If such new products or services are not timely or successfully launched or are not successful in attracting new clients, our sales may fall short of expectations, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected, and our results of operations may suffer. Developing new offerings requires significant investments of resources and time, and if a new offering is not successful, or is delayed or not executed well, our operating results could be negatively impacted. Expansion of our offerings may also strain our management and operational resources, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and have an adverse effect on our operating results. Furthermore, the introduction of new offerings, features, or ways for clients to engage with us has affected and may in the future affect client behavior with respect to our existing offerings in ways that are difficult to predict, including affecting client acquisition, conversion, retention, or spending patterns across our other offerings. If the performance of a new offering, including its effect on other offerings, differs from our expectations, our business, financial STITCH FIX, INC. | 2026 FORM 10-K | 9 Table of Contents condition, operating results, and reputation could be adversely affected, and we could be subject to litigation or regulatory scrutiny. Our business depends on artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies, and any failure of, or issues arising from, these technologies could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We increasingly rely on, develop, and use AI tools, machine learning, and other new technologies in our business, including through our third-party vendors, which may subject us to significant competitive, legal, regulatory and other risks, and there can be no assurance that our use of such tools or technologies will enhance our business operations or result in a benefit to us. Our competitors may outpace us and be more successful in their use of artificial intelligence tools and other new technologies, including by developing an enhanced shopping experience, improving customer engagement, or improving their operations with the assistance of such tools and technologies. Our efforts to utilize these technological advancements may not be successful, may result in substantial integration and maintenance costs, and may expose us to additional risks. There could be adverse impacts from inaccurate, deficient, biased or otherwise flawed algorithms, training or data sets. Our use of such tools or technologies could also result in the loss of confidential information or intellectual property or an inability to claim or enforce intellectual property rights, as well as subject us to risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, data privacy, cybersecurity and the unauthorized use of Company information. The jurisdictions in which we conduct business have and may adopt laws and regulations related to artificial intelligence that could cause us to incur greater compliance costs, limit our use of artificial intelligence tools, or subject us to legal liabilities. Moreover, ethical concerns associated with artificial intelligence could lead to brand damage, competitive disadvantages, or legal repercussions. Any problems with our implementation or use of artificial intelligence tools or other technological advancements could adversely impact our business or results of our operations. Risks associated with the sourcing and pricing of merchandise and raw materials, including those related to tariffs and shifting trade policies, could adversely impact our business. We currently source nearly all of our merchandise from third-party vendors, many of whom use manufacturers in the same geographic region, with the majority of manufacturing in China. As a result, we are subject to price increases or fluctuations, inflationary pressures, tariffs, demand disruptions, increased shipping or freight costs, or shipping delays in connection with our merchandise. Increased shipping or freight costs or shipping and freight delays could be caused or exacerbated by labor disputes, shortages, or strikes, inclement weather, fire, flood, power loss, earthquakes, public health crises such as a pandemic, acts of war or terrorism, and periods of high e-commerce volume. Our operating results have been negatively impacted by increases in the cost of our merchandise, and costs may rise further. Recent trade policies and uncertainty related thereto, including with respect to tariffs and other restrictions, particularly with respect to China in addition to other countries from which we source our merchandise and raw materials, have created a dynamic and unpredictable trade landscape, which has and may continue to adversely impact our business and operations. For example, the U.S. government has imposed significant incremental tariffs on a broad range of goods imported from China, including the apparel we source. Certain of these tariffs have been subject to successful legal challenge, but it remains unclear whether and to whom those tariffs may be refunded, and the U.S. government has announced its intention to impose new or similar tariffs under alternative statutory mechanisms. This could further change the tariff rate, including with respect to China. Tariffs and international trade arrangements will continue to change, potentially without warning and to an extent or duration that is difficult to predict. Changing tariff rates and shifting trade policies have created significant uncertainty for vendors, consumers, and us. If tariffs from countries from which we source products are sustained at heightened levels, it will further increase our merchandise costs, may result in increased prices for our clients, and may negatively impact our margins and consumer demand for our products and services, any of which could harm our competitive position or otherwise negatively impact our operating results. Moreover, tariff and other trade-related cost pressures and supply chain disruptions may lead to reputational harm if we are unable to deliver our products or services on expected timelines. We may not be able to forecast such impacts accurately. Further, our efforts to mitigate the impacts of tariffs, which include diversifying the countries of origin for our inventory, are time-consuming and costly, and may not be effective. STITCH FIX, INC. | 2026 FORM 10-K | 10 Table of Contents Additionally, the fabrics used by our vendors are made of raw materials including, but not limited to, petroleum-based products, linen, and cotton. Significant price increases or fluctuations, trade policies, including tariffs and trade restrictions, geopolitical conflict, currency volatility or fluctuation, shortages, increases in shipping or freight costs, or shipping delays of petroleum, cotton, linen, or other raw materials have in the past and could continue to significantly increase our cost of goods sold or affect our operating results. We have also experienced increased costs of goods due to increases in the price of raw materials, inflationary pressures, rising fuel and other energy costs, and currency volatility. Any additional price increases will affect our operating results. Other factors such as natural disasters have in the past increased raw material costs, impacted pricing with certain of our vendors, and caused shipping delays for certain of our merchandise. Also, the U.S. government’s ban on cotton imported from the Xinjiang region of China, the source of a large portion of the world’s cotton supply, has and may further impact prices and the availability of cotton for our merchandise. Additionally, our products and materials (including potentially non-cotton materials) could be held for inspection by the United States Customs Border Protection, which would cause delays and unexpectedly affect our inventory levels. In addition, the labor costs to produce our products have and may continue to fluctuate. In the event of a significant disruption in the supply of fabrics or raw materials used in the manufacture of the merchandise we offer, our vendors might not be able to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an acceptable price. Any delays, interruption, damage to, or increased costs in raw materials or the manufacture of the merchandise we offer could result in higher prices to acquire the merchandise, or non-delivery of merchandise altogether, and could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we cannot guarantee that merchandise we receive from vendors will be of sufficient quality or free from damage, or that such merchandise will not be damaged during shipping, while stored in one of our fulfillment centers, or when returned by clients. While we take measures to ensure merchandise quality and avoid damage, we cannot control merchandise while it is out of our possession. We may incur additional expenses and our reputation could be harmed if clients and potential clients believe that our merchandise is not of high quality or may be damaged. We rely on paid marketing to help grow our business, but these efforts may not be successful or cost effective, and such expenses and the success of our efforts may vary from period to period. Promoting awareness of our service is important to our ability to grow our business, drive client engagement, and attract new clients. Our marketing costs are largely composed of advertising, client referrals, and public relations expenses, though our marketing expenses have varied from period to period and we expect marketing expenses to increase in the near term. External factors beyond our control, including general economic conditions and decreased discretionary consumer spending, have impacted and may in the future impact the success of our marketing initiatives or how much we decide to spend on marketing in a given period. We adjust our marketing activity from period to period or within a period as we launch new initiatives or offerings, run tests, or make decisions on marketing investments in response to anticipated rates of return, such as when we identify favorable cost per acquisition trends. W e have seen increased costs in certain digital marketing channels and our marketing initiatives may become increasingly expensive; generating a meaningful return on those initiatives may be difficult. Even if we successfully increase revenue as a result of our paid marketing efforts, it may not offset the additional marketing expenses we incur. We currently obtain a significant number of visits to our websites via organic search engine results. Search engines frequently change the algorithms that determine the ranking and display of results of a user’s search, which could reduce the number of organic visits to our websites, in turn reducing new client acquisition and adversely affecting our operating results. Social networks are important as a source of new clients and as a means by which to connect with current clients, and their importance may be increasing. We may be unable to effectively maintain a presence within these networks, which could lead to lower than anticipated brand affinity and awareness, and in turn could adversely affect our operating results. Further, mobile operating system and web browser providers, such as Apple and Google, limit the ability of advertisers to collect and use data to target and measure advertising. For example, Apple requires apps to get a user’s opt-in permission before tracking a user or sharing the user’s data across apps or websites owned by companies other than the app’s owner. Google has also taken actions to give users the option to accept cookies or not. These changes have reduced and will continue to reduce our ability to efficiently target and measure advertising, in particular through online social networks, making our advertising less cost effective and successful. We expect to continue to be impacted by these changes. STITCH FIX, INC. | 2026 FORM 10-K | 11 Table of Contents With respect to our email marketing efforts, if we are unable to successfully deliver emails to our clients or if clients do not engage with our emails, whether out of choice, because those emails are marked as low priority or spam, or for other reasons, our business could be adversely affected. If we are unable to manage our inventory effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected. To ensure timely delivery of merchandise, we generally enter into purchase contracts well in advance of a particular season and often before apparel trends are confirmed by client purchases. As a result, we are vulnerable to demand and pricing shifts and to suboptimal selection and timing of merchandise purchases. We also adjust our inventory levels as needed to support initiatives or enhancements to our Fix experience, including sending more items per Fix and increasing newness in our assortment. We rely on our merchandising team to order styles and products that our clients will purchase and we rely on our data science to recommend which styles to re-buy and the depth of those re-buy purchases. We have not always predicted demand and clients’ preferences with accuracy, which has negatively impacted revenue or resulted in significant write-offs when we have sub-optimal inventory assortment. For instance, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, weaker consumer demand caused us to have higher inventory levels and increased inventory reserves that affected our financial results. Similar impacts may occur in future periods if our inventory investments exceed consumer demand. In fiscal 2024, we closed two fulfillment centers, as we believe our inventory is better optimized across a smaller network of warehouses and allows us to deliver a better client experience with access to a greater breadth inventory for a given Fix, while at the same time operating with lower, more cash efficient, inventory levels. This smaller inventory base and our focus on inventory efficiency creates increased risk related to inventory assortment. If we experience sub-optimal inventory assortment to meet demand, it may affect revenue in current and future quarters. If we do not predict client demand accurately, do not reorder or write off the right products in a timely manner, or otherwise do not effectively manage our inventory, we may experience significant inventory write-offs or insufficient inventory to meet demand, which would adversely affect our operating results. Additionally, many of our inventory vendors utilize third parties to provide financing and credit protection that enables them to produce and ship our items. While we do not manage the relationships with our vendors and their financial intermediaries, the tightening of credit markets, as well as our recent operating results, have put pressure on some of our vendors’ ability to secure that financing and credit protection, and may continue to do so in the future. This may impact our ability to receive inventory and manage our assortment. Our inventory levels also may be affected by product launch delays, consumer demand fluctuations due to macroeconomic factors, uncertainty or otherwise, disruptions in our systems due to upgrades, launches or otherwise, freight delays, vendor relationships, capacity constraints, and our inability to predict demand with respect to categories or products. For example, freight delays, port closures, port congestion, and shipping container and ship shortages have caused us to experience delays in receiving inventory in the past. Freight delays caused by these issues or new issues, including labor disruptions or shortages, or surges in cargo shipments in response to changing trade policy, may affect us in future quarters. Also, in the past we have experienced challenges managing our inventory within the fulfillment centers given storage capacity constraints and challenges hiring fulfillment center employees. Any future such challenges could affect the amount and types of inventory we have available to offer to clients, and therefore negatively affect our operating results. If we fail to effectively manage our transformation or other business strategies, our financial condition and operating results could be harmed. We must continue to implement our operational plans and strategies, and improve our infrastructure of people and technology. Additionally, we expect to continue to introduce new offerings, business strategies and initiatives, and improve on existing offerings. We have worked to strengthen the foundation of our business and to reimagine the client experience, which includes embedding retail best practices across the enterprise, identifying operational efficiencies, and ensuring we have the right organizational structure in place to enable our future success. We continue to rethink how our clients engage with Stitch Fix, which includes introducing more flexibility into our service through new features. This continued transformation requires investments of time and resources and has included and will continue to include changes in our website, branding, mobile apps, information technology systems, and processes. We cannot guarantee that we will successfully implement all aspects of our strategic plans in the expected timeframe or at all, or that we will achieve or sustain the expected financial and operational results of our strategic plans. Additionally, if our reimagined client experience, new offerings, or rebranding does not resonate with current or future clients, it could cause us to lose clients and may negatively impact our financial results. If we do not realize the expected benefits of certain transformation initiatives or experience additional unexpected costs in connection with our strategic plans, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow could be negatively impacted. STITCH FIX, INC. | 2026 FORM 10-K | 12 Table of Contents Additionally, as we continue to implement these changes and introduce future business strategies and initiatives, our operations, vendor base, fulfillment centers, information technology systems, or internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our changing operations. Any change or upgrade to our systems to support the increasing complexity of our business involves risk and we have in the past experienced and may in the future experience problems or delays as we make upgrades or changes to our systems. For example, in August 2026, we made an unintended change to our post-checkout offer flow that limited the number of clients eligible to request another Fix, which negatively impacted the number of Fixes we expected to ship during the quarter. Additionally, if the impact of these initiatives is more or less successful than we expected, it could affect our inventory management, resulting in inventory shortages or excess inventory in the case of significant underperformance. If we are unable to manage the transformation and potential growth of our organization effectively or if our strategies do not produce the anticipated results, or cause unanticipated issues, our business, financial condition, and operating results may be adversely affected. Operational constraints at our fulfillment centers or our failure to adequately and effectively staff our fulfillment centers could adversely affect our client experience and operating results. We currently receive and distribute merchandise at three fulfillment centers. Prior to the closures of our Dallas, Texas and Bethlehem, Pennsylvania fulfillment centers in fiscal 2024, we operated five fulfillment centers in the United States. While we believe three fulfillment centers is the appropriate number to provide the greatest breadth and depth of inventory to our clients and Stylists and will allow us to service the same number of existing clients with lower inventory levels, this decreased fulfillment system could cause operational constraints or decreased capacity that could affect our client experience or revenue. Additionally, we may experience operational issues as we continue to transition to our new fulfillment center model which could affect our client experience and financial results. Severe weather events, including earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, fires, storms, extreme winter weather, and other adverse weather events and climate conditions could also cause operational constraints or temporarily reduce our ability to ship merchandise to clients. For instance, the severe winter weather and temperatures experienced in Texas and other parts of the country in February 2021 caused us to temporarily close two of our fulfillment centers and affected the shipping of merchandise in and out of our fulfillment centers. Future weather events, which we expect to become more frequent and more severe with the increasing effects of climate change, could have a significant impact on our operations and results of operations. Additionally, the impact of such weather events affecting one or more fulfillment centers may be exacerbated due to the fact that we have fewer fulfillment centers to continue operations during such a closure and therefore each individual fulfillment center represents a larger portion of our overall business. Moreover, following our move to three fulfillment centers, each of our Men’s and Kids lines are shipped out of one fulfillment center only. If a fulfillment center that houses the entirety of one of those lines is forced to close or is damaged, it would affect shipments to all of those clients and negatively affect our client experience and operating results. Further, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we temporarily closed three of our fulfillment centers and implemented changes that resulted in operational constraints, which in turn temporarily reduced our ability to ship merchandise to clients and earn revenue. Any future pandemics may negatively affect capacity at our fulfillment centers. We have experienced difficulty hiring and retaining employees in our fulfillment centers, which in the past we attributed to increased competition and rising wages for eCommerce fulfillment center workers. To address this, we increased wages in our fulfillment centers and implemented other policies in order to be more competitive in hiring and retaining employees. These wage increases impacted our operating results. Hiring and retention of employees in our warehouses is a continuing challenge as demand for eCommerce fulfillment center workers remains high. We may have to increase wages for our fulfillment center employees or spend money on additional employee recruiting or retention programs, which would impact our operating results. In the past, these hiring difficulties caused capacity constraints in our fulfillment centers and could in the future cause capacity constraints. Capacity constraints in our fulfillment centers could affect the amount and types of inventory we have available to offer to clients, which will affect our results of operations. Any capacity constraints due to hiring difficulties may be exacerbated due to the fact that we have fewer fulfillment centers than we once did. If we are unable to adequately staff our fulfillment centers to meet demand, or if the cost of such staffing is higher than projected due to competition, mandated wage increases, regulatory changes, or other factors, our operating results will be further harmed. STITCH FIX, INC. | 2026 FORM 10-K | 13 Table of Contents In addition, operating fulfillment centers comes with potential risks, such as workplace safety issues and employment claims for the failure or alleged failure to comply with labor laws or laws respecting union organizing activities. Furthermore, if we fail to comply or allegedly fail to comply with wage and hour laws for our nonexempt employees, many of whom work in our fulfillment centers, we could be subject to legal risk, including claims for back wages, unpaid overtime pay, and missed meal and rest periods, which could be on a class or representative basis. Any such issues may result in delays in shipping times, reduced packing quality, or costly litigation, and our reputation and operating results may be harmed. Shipping is a critical part of our business and any changes in our shipping arrangements or any interruptions in shipping could adversely affect our operating results. If we are not able to negotiate acceptable pricing and other terms with our client-facing shipping vendors or our freight vendors, or our shipping or freight vendors experience performance problems or other difficulties, it could negatively impact our operating results and our clients’ experience. In addition, our ability to receive inbound inventory efficiently, ship merchandise to clients, and receive returned merchandise from clients may be negatively affected by inclement weather, fire, flood, power loss, earthquakes, public health crises, labor disputes, shortages, or strikes, acts of war or terrorism, periods of high eCommerce volume, such as holiday seasons, port congestion, and similar factors. Due to our business model and the fact that we recognize revenue from Fixes when a client checks out items, rather than when Fixes are shipped, our results have in the past been, and may in the future be, impacted depending on the timing of shipping dates of Fixes. In addition, we may be impacted by shipping delays to a greater extent than our competitors. Additionally, delays in shipping may cause an auto-ship client’s subsequent Fixes to be scheduled for a later date, as their next Fix is not scheduled until their checkout is complete. In the second quarter of fiscal year ended July 31, 2021, we experienced carrier and client shipping delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the increased strain on our shipping partners during the holiday season. These delays affected our ability to recognize revenue within the quarter, and we may in the future experience these delays and the resulting impact to our financial results, including potentially during future holiday seasons. In the past, strikes at major international shipping ports have impacted our supply of inventory from our vendors and severe weather events have resulted in long delivery delays and Fix cancellations. Additionally, some of our merchandise may be damaged or lost during transit with our shipping vendors. If a greater portion of our merchandise is not delivered in a timely fashion or is damaged or lost during transit, it could adversely affect our operating results or could cause our clients to become dissatisfied and cease using our services, which would adversely affect our business. We may not be able to maintain revenue growth and we may not be profitable in the future. Our past revenue growth and profitability should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Our revenue increased by 6.4% in fiscal 2026 compared to fiscal 2025, decreased by 5.3% in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024, and decreased by 16.0% in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. Although our net revenue increased year-over-year in fiscal 2026 compared to fiscal 2025, there is no guarantee that we will maintain such growth. Our revenue may decline in future periods due to a number of factors, which may include our inability to attract and retain clients, general economic conditions, including a recession or decreased discretionary consumer spending, decreases in marketing spend, a decreased demand for our merchandise and service, increased competition, decreases in the growth rate of our overall market, our failure to capitalize on growth opportunities, the timing of shipping dates of Fixes, or other factors impacting our results. We announced a restructuring plan in June 2022, which we expanded throughout fiscal 2023, fiscal 2024, and fiscal 2025, intended to reduce our future fixed and variable operating costs. While we have realized cost savings from the restructuring plan, our efforts may not adequately reduce future expenses or impact our results as we anticipate. Moreover, our expenses may increase, particularly as we develop and introduce new merchandise offerings, including the re-imagination of our client experience, need to hire and retain personnel, or increase investment in our marketing initiatives. We may not always pursue short-term profits but are often focused on long-term growth, which may impact our short-term financial results. If our revenue does not increase to offset increases in our operating expenses, we may not be profitable in future periods. If we fail