Item
1. Business. 

 Healthy
Choice Wellness Corp. (the “Company” or “HCWC” or “we” or “our” or “us”)
is a holding company focused on providing consumers with healthier daily choices with respect to nutrition and other lifestyle alternatives. 

 Through
its wholly owned subsidiaries, the Company operates: 

 ● 
 Healthy
 Choice Markets, Inc. (DBA Ada’s Natural Market), a natural and organic grocery store offering fresh produce, bulk foods, vitamins
 and supplements, packaged groceries, meat and seafood, deli, baked goods, dairy products, frozen foods, health & beauty products
 and natural household items. 

 ● 
 Healthy
 Choice Markets 2, LLC (DBA Paradise Health & Nutrition), operating three stores that likewise offer fresh produce, bulk foods,
 vitamins and supplements, packaged groceries, meat and seafood, deli, baked goods, dairy products, frozen foods, health & beauty
 products and natural household items. 

 ● 
 Healthy
 Choice Markets 3, LLC (DBA Mother Earth’s Storehouse), an organic and health food and vitamin chain in New York’s Hudson
 Valley, which has been in existence for over 40 years. 

 ● 
 Healthy
 Choice Markets IV, LLC (DBA Green’s Natural Foods), managing eight stores in New York and New Jersey, offering a selection of 100%
 organic produce, all-natural and non-GMO groceries & bulk foods; a wide selection of local products; an organic juice and smoothie
 bar; a fresh foods department, which offers fresh and healthy “grab & go” foods; a full selection of vitamins &
 supplements; as well as health and beauty products. 

 ● 
 Healthy
 Choice Markets V, LLC (DBA Ellwood Thompson’s), an organic and natural health food and vitamin store located in Richmond, Virginia. 

 ● 
 Healthy
 Choice Markets VI, LLC (DBA GreenAcres Market), an organic and natural health food and vitamin chain with five store locations in
 Kansas and Oklahoma. GreenAcres Market offers organic and all natural products and vitamins from both top national brands as well
 as locally sourced specialty brands. 

 Through
its wholly owned subsidiary, Healthy U Wholesale, the Company sells vitamins and supplements, as well as health, beauty, and personal
care products on its website www.TheVitaminStore.com . 

 SPIN-OFF 

 Healthier
Choices Management Corp. (“HCMC” or the “Parent”) announced on August 22, 2022 that its Board of Directors approved
the separation of the grocery business, including wellness business, into an independent, publicly traded company (the “Spin-Off”
or “Separation”). Prior to the Spin-Off, HCWC was a subsidiary under HCMC. 

 On
September 13, 2024 (the “Spin-Off Date”), after the NYSE American (“NYSEAM”) market closing, the Spin-Off of
the HCWC business was completed. On September 14, 2024, HCWC became an independent, publicly traded company, and on September 16, 2024,
the stock commenced trading on the NYSEAM under the stock ticker “HCWC.” 

 HCMC
distributed all the outstanding shares of HCMC common stock held by it on a pro rata basis to holders of HCMC’s common stock. For
each 208,632 shares of HCMC common stock held as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on September 9, 2024, the record date for the Spin-Off
(the “Record Date”), a HCMC stockholder was entitled to receive one (1) share of Class A common stock and three (3) shares
of Class B common stock. The Distribution was made in book-entry form by a distribution agent as soon as practicable after the date of
the Distribution. 

 Prior
to the Spin-Off, HCMC secured binding commitments of $13.25 million in equity financing for HCWC from the same group of investors
that invested $13.25 million in HCMC Series E Preferred Stock. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement for the HCMC Series E
Stock (“HCMC Series E SPA”), the purchasers of HCMC Series E Stock will also be required to purchase Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock of HCWC in the same subscription amounts that the Purchasers paid for the HCMC Series E Stock
(regardless of whether or not such HCMC Series E Stock has been converted into HCMC common stock). On October 30, 2025, the parties
to the HCMC Series E SPA entered into a Ninth Amendment to HCMC Series E SPA, pursuant to which HCMC and such parties agreed to
amend the Completion Date to April 1, 2027. As of December 31, 2025, HCWC has received $5.25 million of the committed $13.25
million, leaving the contractually obligated $8.0 million binding commitments to be fulfilled. The parties, which comprise of the
institutional investors that participated in the Spin-off as described above, have communicated their intent to further extend the
Completion Date. For further details regarding the remaining $8.0 million commitment and its significance to the Company’s
liquidity, see Note 2 - Going Concern. 

 NATURAL
AND ORGANIC GROCERIES AND DIETARY SUPPLEMENTS BUSINESS 

 Local.
Organic. Fresh. Three words that define Healthy Choice Markets! With Ada’s Natural Market, a full-service grocery store and Greenleaf
Grill, Ada’s flagship fast casual in-store restaurant, serving Fort Myers, FL, along with the eight Green’s Natural Foods Stores
in New Jersey and New York, three Paradise Health & Nutrition locations in the greater Melbourne, FL area, one Mother Earth’s
Storehouse location in Hudson Valley, NY, one Ellwood Thompson store located in Richmond Virginia, five GreenAcres Market stores located
in Oklahoma and Kansas, all serving their respective local communities, our stores provide all-natural and organic products in a friendly
and helpful atmosphere, with aisles of traditional grocery complete with frozen, healthy home, vitamins & supplements, health &
beauty, fresh produce, hormone and antibiotic free meats and bulk foods. Ada’s Natural Market, Green’s Natural Foods, Paradise Health
& Nutrition, Mother Earth’s Storehouse, Ellwood Thompson’s and GreenAcres Market all offer chef-prepared ready-to-go
foods and fresh-baked-daily baked goods. 

 1 

 Collectively,
we focus on providing high-quality products at affordable prices, exceptional customer service, nutrition education and community outreach.
We strive to generate long-term relationships with our customers based on quality and service by: 

 ● 
 selling
 only all-natural and organic groceries; 

 ● 
 offering
 affordable prices and a shopper-friendly retail environment; and 

 ● 
 providing
 dine-in options at our Greenleaf Grill, Organic Juice Bar, and our free-trade coffee bar. 

 Our
History and Founding Principles 

 We
are committed to maintaining the following founding principles, which have helped foster our growth: 

 ● 
 Quality.
 Every product on our shelves must go through a rigorous screening and approval process. Our mission includes providing the highest
 quality groceries and supplements, Natural Grocers branded products, European and United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
 certified organic and fresh produce at the best prices in the industry. 

 ● 
 Community.
 The Ada’s, Paradise, Mother Earth’s Storehouse, Green’s Natural Foods, Ellwood Thompson’s and now GreenAcres
 Market brands have each been serving their respective communities for approximately 40+ years. 

 ● 
 Employees.
 Our employees make our companies great. We work hard to ensure that our employees are able to live a healthy, balanced lifestyle.
 We support them with free nutrition education programs, competitive pay and excellent benefits. 

 Our
Market 

 We
operate within the natural products retail industry, which is a subset of the United States grocery industry and the dietary supplement
business. This industry includes conventional supermarkets, natural, gourmet and specialty food markets, mass and discount retailers,
warehouse clubs, independent health food stores, dietary supplement retailers, drug stores, farmers’ markets, food co-ops, mail
order and online retailers and multi-level marketers. Industry-wide sales of natural and organic foods and dietary supplements have experienced
meaningful growth over the past several years, and we believe that growth will continue for the foreseeable future. 

 We
believe the growth in sales of natural and organic foods and dietary supplements continues to be driven by numerous factors, including: 

 ● 
 greater
 consumer focus on high-quality nutritional products; 

 ● 
 an
 increased awareness of the importance of good nutrition to long-term wellness; 

 ● 
 aging
 communities that are seeking healthy lifestyle alternatives; 

 ● 
 heightened
 consumer awareness about the importance of food quality and a desire to avoid pesticide residues, growth hormones, artificial ingredients
 and genetically engineered ingredients in foods; 

 ● 
 growing
 consumer concerns over the use of harmful chemical additives in body care and household cleaning supplies; 

 ● 
 well-established
 natural and organic brands, which generate additional industry awareness and credibility with consumers; and 

 ● 
 the
 growth in the number of consumers with special dietary requirements as a result of allergies, chemical sensitivities, auto-immune
 disorders and other conditions. 

 2 

 Our
Competitive Strengths 

 We
are well-positioned to capitalize on favorable natural and organic grocery and dietary supplement industry dynamics as a result of the
following competitive strengths: 

 Strict
focus on high-quality natural and organic grocery products. We offer high-quality products and brands, including an extensive selection
of widely-recognized natural and organic food, dietary supplements, body care products, pet care products and books. We offer our customers
approximately 10,000 Stock Keeping Units (SKUs) of natural and organic products. We believe our broad product offering enables our customers
to shop our stores for substantially all of their grocery and dietary supplement purchases. In our grocery departments, we primarily
sell USDA certified organic produce and do not approve for sale grocery products that are known to contain artificial colors, flavors,
preservatives or sweeteners or partially hydrogenated or hydrogenated oils. In addition, we only sell pasture-raised, humanely-raised
dairy products. Consistent with this strategy, our product selection does not include items that do not meet our strict quality guidelines.
Our store managers enhance our robust product offering by customizing their stores’ selections to address the preferences of local
customers. 

 Engaging
customer service experience based on education and empowerment. We strive to offer consistently exceptional customer service in a
shopper-friendly environment, which we believe creates a differentiated shopping experience, enhances customer loyalty and generates
repeat visits from our clientele. A key aspect of our customer service model is to provide free nutrition education to our customers.
We believe this focus provides an engaging retail experience while also empowering our customers to make informed decisions about their
health. We offer our science-based nutrition education through our trained employees, our newsletter and sales flyer, community out-reach
programs, one-on-one nutrition health coaching, nutrition classes and cooking demonstrations. 

 Our
Growth Strategies 

 We
expect to pursue several strategies to help return the overall business to profitable growth, including: 

 Expand
our store base. We intend to expand our store base through the acquisition of new stores. 

 Increase
sales from existing customers. In order to increase our average ticket and the number of customer transactions, we plan to continue
offering an engaging customer experience by providing science-based nutrition education and a differentiated merchandising strategy that
delivers affordable, high-quality natural and organic grocery products and dietary supplements. We also plan to continue to utilize targeted
marketing efforts to reach our existing customers, which we anticipate will drive customer transactions and convert occasional, single-category
customers into core, multi-category customers. 

 Create
new revenue streams. The Company has initiated the implementation of new in-house baking commissaries at the following banners: Mother
Earth’s Storehouse (serving Mother Earth’s Storehouse and all 8 Green’s Natural Foods Stores), Ada’s Natural
Market (serving Ada’s Natural Market and all 3 Paradise Stores), and GreenAcres Market Bradley Fair (serving all 5 GreenAcres Market
stores). These commissaries will generate new revenue while driving additional traffic to retail locations. Additionally, the Company
intends to launch a wholesale business to supply bread and pies to local restaurants and businesses, further establishing its commitment
to serving local communities. 

 Grow
our customer base. We plan to implement several measures aimed at building our brand awareness and growing our customer base, including:
(i) continuously improving the design of all our websites to enhance functionality, create a more engaging user experience and increase
its reach and effectiveness; (ii) introducing customer appreciation programs at all our stores; and (iii) developing new collateral marketing
materials. We believe offering nutrition education has historically been one of our most effective marketing strategies for reaching
new customers and increasing the demand for natural and organic groceries and dietary supplements in our markets. 

 Improve
operating margins. We expect to continue to improve our operating margins as we benefit from investments we have made or are making
in fixed overhead and information technology. As we add additional stores, we expect to achieve greater economies of scale through sourcing
and distribution. To achieve additional operating margin expansion, we intend to further optimize performance, maintain appropriate store
labor levels and effectively manage product selection and pricing. 

 3 

 Our
Products 

 Product
Selection Guidelines. We have a set of strict quality guidelines covering all products we sell. For example: 

 ● 
 we
 do not approve for sale food known to contain artificial colors, flavors, preservatives or sweeteners or partially hydrogenated or
 hydrogenated oils or phthalates or parabens, regardless of the proportion of its natural or organic ingredients; 

 ● 
 we
 sell USDA certified organic produce; and 

 ● 
 we
 sell meats naturally raised without hormones, antibiotics or treatments and that were not fed animal by-products. 

 Our
product review team analyzes all new products and approves them for sale based on ingredients, price and uniqueness within the current
product set. We actively research new products in the marketplace through our product vendors, private label manufacturers, scientific
findings, customer requests and general trends in popular media. Our stores are able to fully merchandise all departments by providing
an extensive assortment of natural and organic products. We do not believe we need to sell conventional products to fill our selection,
increase our margins or attract more customers. 

 What
We Sell. We operate both a full-service natural and organic grocery stores and dietary supplement stores within our retail locations.
The following is a breakdown of our product mix: 

 ● 
 Grocery.
 We offer a broad selection of natural and organic grocery products with an emphasis on minimally processed and single ingredient
 products that are not known to contain artificial colors, flavors, preservatives or sweeteners or partially hydrogenated or hydrogenated
 oils. Additionally, we carry a wide variety of products associated with special diets such as gluten free, vegetarian and non-dairy. 

 ● 
 Produce.
 We sell USDA-certified organic produce and source from local, organic producers whenever feasible. Our selection varies based
 on seasonal availability, and we offer a variety of organic produce offerings that are not typically found at conventional food retailers. 

 ● 
 Bulk
 Food and Private Label Products. We sell a wide selection of private label repackaged bulk and other products, including nuts,
 water, pasta, canned seafood, dried fruits, grains, granolas, honey, eggs, herbs, spices and teas. 

 ● 
 Dry,
 Frozen and Canned Groceries. We offer a wide variety of natural and organic dry, frozen and canned groceries, including cereals,
 soups, baby foods, frozen entrees and snack items. We offer a broad selection of natural chocolate bars, and energy, protein and
 food bars. 

 ● 
 Meats
 and Seafood. We offer naturally-raised or organic meat products. The meat products we offer come from animals that have never
 been treated with antibiotics or hormones or fed animal by-products. Additionally, we only buy from companies we believe employ humane
 animal-raising practices. Our seafood items are generally frozen at the time of processing and sold from our freezer section, thereby
 ensuring freshness and reducing food spoilage and safety issues. 

 ● 
 Dairy
 Products and Dairy Substitutes. We offer a broad selection of natural and organic dairy products such as milk, eggs, cheeses,
 yogurts and beverages, as well as non-dairy substitutes made from almonds, coconuts, rice and soy. 

 ● 
 Prepared
 Foods. Our stores have a convenient selection of refrigerated prepared fresh food items, including salads, sandwiches, salsa,
 hummus and wraps. The size of this offering varies by location. 

 ● 
 Bread
 and Baked Goods. We receive regular deliveries of a wide selection of bakery products for our bakery section, which includes
 an extensive selection of gluten-free items. 

 ● 
 Beverages.
 We offer a wide variety of non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages containing natural and organic ingredients. 

 4 

 ● 
 Dietary
 Supplements. We offer a wide selection of vitamins, supplements and natural remedies. Our staff is well educated and trained
 on multiple aspects of natural medicine. 

 ● 
 Health,
 Beauty, and Personal Care . We offer a full range of cosmetics, skin care, hair care, fragrance and personal care products containing
 natural and organic ingredients. Our body care offerings range from bargain-priced basics to high-end formulations. 

 ● 
 Household
 and General Merchandise . Our offerings include sustainable, hypo-allergenic and fragrance-free household products, including
 cleaning supplies, paper products, dish and laundry soap and other common household products, including diapers. 

 Quality
Assurance. We endeavor to ensure the quality of the products we sell. We work with reputable suppliers we believe are compliant with
established regulatory and industry guidelines. Our purchasing department requires a complete supplier and product profile as part of
the approval process. Our dietary supplement suppliers must follow Food and Drug Administration (FDA) current good manufacturing practices
supported by quality assurance testing for both the base ingredients and the finished product. We expect our suppliers to comply with
the industry’s best practices for food safety. 

 Many
of our suppliers are inspected and certified under the USDA National Organic Program, voluntary industry associations, and other third-party
auditing programs with regards to additional ingredients, manufacturing and handling standards. We operate all our stores in compliance
with the National Organic Program standards, which restricts the use of certain substances for cleaning and pest control and requires
rigorous recordkeeping, among other requirements. 

 Our
Pricing Strategy 

 We
believe our pricing strategy allows our customers to shop our stores on a regular basis for their groceries and dietary supplements. 

 The
key elements of our pricing strategy include: 

 ● 
 heavily
 advertised discounts supported by manufacturer participation; 

 ● 
 in-store
 specials generally lasting for 30 days and not advertised outside the store; 

 ● 
 managers’
 specials, such as clearance, overstock, short-dated or promotional incentives; and 

 ● 
 specials
 on seasonally harvested produce. 

 As
we expand our store base, we believe there are opportunities for increased leverage in fixed costs, such as administrative expenses,
as well as increased economies of scale in sourcing products. We strive to keep our product, operating and general and administrative
costs low, which allows us to continue to offer attractive pricing for our customers. 

 Store
Management and Staffing. Our store staffing includes a manager and assistant manager, with department managers in each of the dietary
supplement, grocery, dairy and frozen, produce, body care and receiving departments, as well as several non-management employees. Our
regional manager is responsible for monthly store profit and loss, including labor, merchandising and inventory costs. 

 To
ensure a high level of service, all employees receive training and guidance on customer service skills, product attributes and nutrition
education. Employees are carefully trained and evaluated based on a requirement that they present nutrition information in an appropriate
and legally compliant educational context while interacting with customers. Additionally, store employees are cross-trained in various
functions, including cashier duties, stocking and receiving product. 

 5 

 Inventory.
 We use a robust merchandise management and perpetual inventory system that values goods at the lower of cost and net realizable value
using the average cost method. We manage shelf stock based on weeks-on-hand relative to sales, resupply time and minimum economic order
quantity. 

 Sourcing
and Vendors. We source from approximately 1,000 suppliers and offer over 4,000 brands. These suppliers range from small independent
businesses to multi-national conglomerates. For the years ended December 31, 2025, approximately 31% of our total purchases
were from Kehe Distributors, LLC (“Kehe”), 17% of purchases were from Four Seasons Produce, and 10% of our total purchases were from UNFI. For the year ended December
31, 2024, approximately 25% of our total purchases were from UNFI, 17% from Four Seasons Produce, and 12% from Kehe. We maintain good relations with all our suppliers and believe we have adequate alternative supply methods, including
self-distribution. 

 We
have longstanding relationships with our suppliers, and we require disclosure from them regarding quality, freshness, potency and safety
data information. Our bulk food private label products are packaged by us in pre-packed sealed bags to help prevent contamination while
in transit and in our stores. Unlike most of our competitors, most of our private label nuts, trail mix and flour are refrigerated in
our warehouse and stores to maintain freshness. 

 New
Reward Program. In August 2024, the Company transitioned its customer loyalty program from a points-based system to a VIP membership
structure. Under the original loyalty program, customers earned redeemable loyalty points based on qualifying purchases, which have been
discontinued. The new VIP program provides members
with immediate discounts on qualifying purchases, replacing the accrual of future points. This modification did not require a restatement
of prior-period revenue. However, the elimination of future loyalty point accruals reduces the Company’s ongoing contract liability
obligations, as discounts under the VIP program are recognized as reductions to revenue at the time of sale. 

 New
Marketing Program . HCWC has established a robust COOP marketing revenue program generated through a collaborative approach that emphasizes
community engagement and shared values. The revenue in this context is driven by promoting national and locally sourced, organic, and
sustainable products, which align with the priorities of the HCWC. 

 Our
Employees 

 As
of December 31, 2025, HCWC employed approximately 430 employees across its retail, warehouse, and corporate operations. Our employees
are central to delivering our mission of providing exceptional service and products to our customers. Commitment to our employees is
one of our founding principles. Employees are eligible for health, long-term disability, vision and dental insurance coverage, as well
as Company paid short-term disability and life insurance benefits, after they meet eligibility requirements. Additionally, our employees
are offered a 401(k) retirement savings plan with discretionary contribution matching opportunities. This further offers our employees
the opportunity to become more familiar with our products, which we believe improves the customer service our employees are able to provide.
We believe these and other factors result in higher retention rates and encourage our employees to appreciate our culture, which helps
them better promote our brand. 

 Our
Customers 

 The
growth in the natural and organic grocery and dietary supplement industries and growing consumer interest in health and nutrition have
led to an increase in our core customer base. We believe the demands for affordable, nutritious food and dietary supplements are shared
attributes of our core customers, regardless of their socio-economic status. Additionally, we believe our core customers prefer a retail
store environment that offers carefully selected natural and organic products and dietary supplements. Our customers tend to be interested
in health and nutrition, and expect our store employees to be highly knowledgeable about these topics and related products. 

 Competition 

 The
grocery and dietary supplement retail business is a large, fragmented and highly competitive industry, with few barriers to entry. Our
competition varies by market and includes conventional supermarkets such as Publix and Winn-Dixie, mass or discount retailers such as
Sprout’s Farmers Market, Wal-Mart and Target, natural and gourmet markets such as Whole Foods and The Fresh Market, specialty food
retailers such as Trader Joe’s, independent health food stores, dietary supplement retailers, drug stores, farmers’ m