Item 1. Business Overview Agilent Technologies, Inc. ("we", "Agilent" or the "company"), incorporated in Delaware in May 1999, is a global leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied markets, providing application focused solutions that include instruments, software, services and consumables for the entire laboratory workflow. In November 2024, we announced a change in our organizational structure to support our market-focused, customer-centric strategy. Our former Diagnostics and Genomics segment combined with our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry instrument platforms to form our new Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment. Our chemistries and supplies, laboratory automation, and software and informatics divisions moved from our former Life Sciences and Applied Markets segment to our Agilent CrossLab segment. The remaining divisions in our former Life Sciences and Applied Markets segment which includes our gas chromatography, gas chromatography mass spectrometry, remarketed instruments, spectroscopy and vacuum divisions formed our new Applied Markets segment. Following this re-organization, we have three business segments - Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets, Agilent CrossLab and Applied Markets, each of which comprises a reportable segment. All historical financial segment information has been recast to conform to this new presentation. Our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment is comprised of seven areas of activity. We provide specialty contract development and manufacturing services for pharmaceutical customers as well as solutions that include reagents, instruments, software and consumables which enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the cellular and molecular level. The Agilent CrossLab segment spans the entire lab with its extensive services and consumables portfolio in addition to software and laboratory automation solutions, which are designed to improve customer outcomes and represents a broad range of offerings designed to serve customer needs across end-markets and applications. Our Applied Markets segment provides application-focused solutions that include instruments and software that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the physical and biological properties of substances and products. In addition, we conduct centralized order fulfillment and supply chain operations for our businesses through the order fulfillment and supply chain organization ("OFS"). OFS provides resources for manufacturing, engineering and strategic sourcing to our respective businesses. Each of our businesses, together with OFS, is supported by our global infrastructure organization, which provides shared services in the areas of finance, information technology, legal, certain procurement services, workplace services and human resources. 3 Table of Contents We sell our products primarily through direct sales, but we also utilize distributors, resellers, manufacturers' representatives and electronic commerce. As of October 31, 2025, we employed approximately 18,100 people worldwide. Our primary research and development and manufacturing sites are in California, Colorado, Delaware, Massachusetts, Texas and Vermont in the U.S. and in Australia, Canada, China, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and the United Kingdom. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets Our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment is comprised of seven areas of activity. We provide active pharmaceutical ingredients for oligo-based therapeutics as well as solutions that include reagents, instruments, software and consumables, which enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the cellular and molecular level. First, our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry businesses enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the molecular and cellular level. Second, our cell analysis business includes instruments, reagents, software, and labware associated with unique live-cell analysis platforms in addition to mainstream flow cytometers, plate-readers, and plate washers/dispensers which are used across a broad range of applications. Third, our specialty contract development and manufacturing organization ("CDMO") business provides services related to and the production of synthesized oligonucleotides under pharmaceutical good manufacturing practices conditions for use as active pharmaceutical ingredients in a class of drugs that utilize nucleic acid molecules for disease therapy. BIOVECTRA capabilities include microbial fermentation, bioreagents, highly potent active pharmaceutical ingredients, peptide purification and biomanufacturing capabilities in several nucleic acid modalities. Together, our BIOVECTRA and nucleic acid solutions businesses comprise our specialty CDMO offerings to our customers providing clinical-to-commercial scale production capabilities. Fourth, our pathology solutions business is focused on product offerings for cancer diagnostics and anatomic pathology workflows. The broad portfolio of offerings includes immunohistochemistry, in situ hybridization, hematoxylin and eosin staining and special staining. This business further provides clinical flow cytometry reagents for routine cancer diagnostics. This business also provides bulk antibodies as raw materials and associated assay development services to in vitro diagnostics manufacturers, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Fifth, we also collaborate with several major pharmaceutical companies to develop new potential tissue pharmacodiagnostics, also known as companion diagnostics, which may be used to identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. Sixth, our genomics business includes reagents to support next-generation sequencing workflows and arrays. This business also includes solutions that enable clinical labs to identify DNA variants associated with genetic disease and help direct cancer therapy. Finally, our biomolecular analysis business provides complete workflow solutions, including instruments, consumables and software, for quality control analysis of nucleic acid samples. Samples are analyzed using quantitative and qualitative techniques to ensure accuracy in further genomics analysis techniques including next-generation sequencing, utilized in clinical and life science research applications. We employed approximately 6,300 people as of October 31, 2025 in our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Key End Markets Our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment sells primarily into the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical, diagnostics and clinical and academic and government markets. We also sell in the applied markets: chemicals and advanced materials, food and environmental and forensics. The Pharmaceutical and Biopharmaceutical Market. This market consists of "for-profit" companies which participate across the pharmaceutical value chain in the areas of therapeutic research and discovery, preclinical efficacy, pharmacokinetic, safety testing, clinical trials, therapeutic manufacturing, quality assurance and quality control. Within the pharmaceutical market, a sub-segment of customers are focused on small molecule drugs known as new chemical entities and small molecule active pharmaceutical ingredients. Another sub-segment of the market is our biopharmaceutical customers, who are focused on biologic entities or biosimilar drugs for human or animal use. This biopharmaceutical classification also includes customers that manufacture biological components and/or biological active ingredients. Biologic drug components and active ingredients include monoclonal antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates, fusion or recombinant proteins, therapeutic proteins (e.g., cytokines and insulin), peptides, oligonucleotides, cell and gene therapy and vaccines. Additionally, due to the rapid development of novel targeted therapeutic modalities and the need for improved efficacy and patient stratification in the field of oncology, pharmaceutical companies are partnering with diagnostic companies to bring validated tests to the market with their new drugs. Our primary focus is on biopharmaceutical companies working with advanced therapeutic modalities (e.g., cell and gene therapies) where we provide a suite of research tools and companion diagnostic development services. Additionally, we provide active pharmaceutical ingredient contract development and manufacturing services for oligonucleotide-based therapeutic modalities. 4 Table of Contents Through our contract development and manufacturing organization business, we offer our pharmaceutical customers specialized manufacturing capabilities for targeted therapeutics, including the production of antibody drug conjugates, high potency active pharmaceutical ingredients, and active pharmaceutical ingredients via microbial fermentation. Our nucleic acid solutions and BIOVECTRA businesses are able to deliver a single source for gene editing therapeutics. Our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry businesses provide instruments that enable customers performing life sciences and pharmaceutical research to interrogate biologically relevant metabolites, lipids, protein, and cellular systems to understand fundamental biological processes, as well as the underlying mechanisms of cancer and other disease initiation and progression. The goal is to use this information to develop new therapeutic strategies and drugs as well as new diagnostic tests. Our mass spectrometry technologies are employed by researchers to identify and quantify individual or whole classes of metabolites, lipids, or proteins involved in basic cellular processes and elucidate those which are quantitatively or qualitatively altered in disease states, as well as to identify those which may be useful as biomarkers for a disease. The Diagnostics and Clinical Market. The diagnostics and clinical market focus within the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment is to provide instruments, software, reagents, and consumables that enable customers to perform clinical research and routine testing. Our high-quality, automated pathology tissue staining platforms and solutions are used most heavily by the large labs located in hospitals, medical centers, and reference labs. The market focus is on mature economies primarily in North America, Western Europe and Japan. The mix is changing, however, as emerging markets increase spending on human health. The clinical market for our genomics business consists of high complexity clinical labs performing patient testing, including "for-profit" reference laboratories, hospital labs, and molecular diagnostic companies. While some labs purchase in vitro diagnostics labeled testing kits, others often develop and validate their own molecular based tests. Analyte specific reagents are often used by these labs. Our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry businesses provide instruments that enable customers performing clinical research to interrogate biologically relevant metabolites, lipids, protein, and cellular systems to understand fundamental biological processes, as well as the underlying mechanisms of cancer and other disease initiation and progression. The goal is to use this information to develop new therapeutic strategies and drugs as well as new diagnostic tests. The Academic and Government Market. This market consists primarily of "not-for-profit" organizations and includes academic institutions, large government institutes and privately funded organizations. The academic and government market plays an influential role in technology adoption and therapeutic developments for pharmaceutical and molecular diagnostics companies. Our Seahorse, xCELLigence, Novocyte, and BioTek platform technologies are used both stand-alone and in conjunction with mass spectrometry to understand underlying cellular physiology and interactions in normal and diseased states, as well to help understand how new drugs and therapies alter the composition, function, or interaction of cells. In addition, our XCELLigence and Novocyte technologies can be used to characterize and quantify immune cell response (for example cytotoxicity). The Chemicals and Advanced Materials Market. Our products and solutions are used throughout the chemicals sector in the development, manufacturing, and quality control of commodity chemicals, specialty and agrochemicals, and fine chemicals. Chemical market customers use our products to maintain, optimize, and enable higher productivity and profitability for labs, and support quality control and compliance with environmental and safety regulations. The upstream petroleum exploration and refining markets use our products to analyze natural gas, crude oil composition, perform intermediate material analysis, verify and improve refining processes and ensure the overall quality of gasoline, fuels, lubricants and other products. Additionally, our products are used to support the testing for safety, quality, and compliance across the value chains of advanced materials – including semiconductors, batteries, and specially engineered polymers and polymeric materials. The Food Market. Our instruments and workflow solutions are used throughout the food production chain, including incoming inspection, new product development, quality control and assurance, and packaging. For example, our mass spectrometer portfolio is used to analyze contaminants and residual pesticides in food. There is also a significant food safety market involved in analyzing food for pathogen contamination, accurate verification of species type and evidence of genetically modified content. The Environmental and Forensics Market. Our instruments, software and workflow solutions are used by the environmental market for applications such as laboratory and field analysis of regulated and unregulated chemical pollutants in air, water, soil and solid waste. Environmental industry customers include all levels of government, the industrial and manufacturing sectors, engineering and consulting companies, commercial testing laboratories, public and private utilities and colleges and universities. Drug testing and forensics laboratories use our instruments, software and workflow solutions for applications such as analyzing evidence associated with crime, screening athletes for performance enhancing drugs, analyzing samples for recreational drugs, or detecting and identifying biological and chemical warfare agents. Some of our instruments are used in mobile laboratories as well. Customers include local, state, federal, and international law enforcement agencies and 5 Table of Contents health laboratories. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Products and Applications Our products fall into these main areas of work: liquid chromatography systems and components, liquid chromatography mass spectrometry systems, pathology, cell analysis, companion diagnostics, genomics, contract development and manufacturing organization and biomolecular analysis. Liquid Chromatography A liquid chromatograph, high-performance liquid chromatograph or ultra-high performance liquid chromatograph is used to separate molecules of a liquid mixture to determine the quantity and identity of the molecules present. The Agilent liquid chromatography portfolio is largely modular in construction and can be configured as analytical and preparative systems. These systems can be stepwise upgraded to highly sophisticated, automated workflow solutions such as method development, multi‑method/walk-up, high-capacity/high-throughput or multi‑dimensional liquid chromatography and can be extended to application‑based analyzers (e.g., for bio-molecular separations, chiral analysis or size exclusion chromatography). As a leader in liquid chromatography, we continue to expand our application space with new high-performance liquid chromatograph columns, new services and ongoing instrument and software product enhancements. Liquid Chromatography Mass Spectrometry A mass spectrometer identifies and quantifies compounds based on their molecular mass and characteristic patterns of fragment ion masses that result when a molecule is broken apart. A mass spectrometer is an important tool in analyzing a broad spectrum of analytes, from small molecules, such as pesticides, to large molecules, such as intact proteins and other biological entities. Liquid chromatography is commonly used to separate compounds and introduce them to the mass spectrometer system. Our liquid chromatography mass spectrometry portfolio includes instruments built around four main analyzer types - single quadrupole, triple quadrupole, time-of-flight and quadrupole time-of-flight. We significantly expanded our mass spectrometry portfolio in recent years with a focus on improving performance, sensitivity, precision, robustness, ease of use and onboard intelligence. Pathology This area consists of routine clinical solutions for tissue-based cancer diagnostics with solutions that comprise antibodies, reagents, instruments and software targeting both primary and advanced cancer diagnostics. Our CoverStainer and Artisan based product families target primary cancer diagnostics through hematoxylin and eosin staining as well as special stains for additional insights and detection of potentially carcinogenic tissue. Dako Omnis and Autostainer based immunohistochemistry solution and instant quality fluorescence in situ hybridization technologies provide advanced tumor typing through investigation of protein and gene expression. These products also include companion diagnostic tests that are used to help identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. Our bulk antibodies business partners with in vitro diagnostics manufacturers, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies by offering antibodies as raw materials and a range of associated assay development services and solutions. We operate in several areas of clinical relevance for the customers and address multiple technologies such as turbidimetry, gel techniques and chemiluminescence immunoassays. In the area of flow cytometry reagents we provide reagents and kits directly to clinical laboratories working in routine cancer diagnostics, with particular focus on blood cancers. Cell Analysis Our cell analysis tools are used to study cell signaling pathways, general cell function and behavior through metabolic profile analysis, real-time cellular impedance measurements, and traditional cytometry techniques. Characterizing cellular behavior and function is an increasingly critical step in understanding normal behavior versus diseased states, advancements of those diseases, and response to therapies, providing researchers with a more targeted approach for drug discovery and ultimately more effective therapeutics. Our cell analysis portfolio includes cell analysis plate-based assays, flow cytometer, real-time cell analyzer, microplate reader, cell imaging system and related consumables. 6 Table of Contents Companion Diagnostics In our companion diagnostics business, we partner with several major pharmaceutical companies to develop new potential pharmacodiagnostics, which may be used to identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. We support pharmaceutical companies during each phase of their drug development process, from early pre-clinical through commercial launch activities. Companion diagnostics has a history of developing clinically relevant and validated tests, with accurate and effective scoring and interpretation guidelines, that enable successful regulatory approvals in our worldwide markets. Genomics We provide a next-generation sequencing target enrichment portfolio which enables customers to select specific target regions of the genome for sequencing. Customers can customize our products for their regions of interest including gene panels for specific applications and exome designs, which allow analysis of the entire coding sequences of the genome. We provide microarrays for comparative genomic hybridization, mostly used by customers in cytogenetic laboratories. The arrays allow customers to detect genome-wide copy number alterations with high levels of resolution (from entire chromosomal copy number changes to specific microdeletions or duplications). Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization Our contract development and manufacturing organization business provides equipment and expertise focused on mid to large scale production of synthesized oligonucleotide active pharmaceutical ingredients under pharmaceutical good manufacturing practices conditions for a class of drugs that utilize oligonucleotide molecules for disease therapy. These drugs have advanced from single strand DNA molecules to complex, highly modified molecules including antisense, aptamers, double-stranded RNA, and guide RNA. These advancements in technology have greatly improved the efficacy of delivery and stability of the oligos in-vivo. Our nucleic acid solutions business offers industry leading experience to efficiently advance our customers' oligo drug candidates from clinical trials to commercial scale volumes with a common goal of patient health and safety. We offer our pharmaceutical customers even more specialized manufacturing capabilities for targeted therapeutics. Together, our BIOVECTRA and nucleic acid solutions businesses provide clinical-to-commercial scale production capabilities. Biomolecular Analysis Automated electrophoresis is a separation technique for biomolecules such as proteins, peptides and nucleic acids (RNA and DNA) and is used to determine the identity of a molecule by either size or charge. It is widely used as a quality control tool to check sample integrity prior to subsequent analysis. Prominent examples are nucleic acid preparation products in front of polymerase chain reaction, next-generation sequencing and microarrays. More recently, quality control based on automated electrophoresis products has become essential throughout in-vitro transcription mRNA workflows, including vaccine development and therapeutics. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Customers We had approximately 22,200 customers for our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment in fiscal year 2025. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Sales, Marketing and Support We deploy a multi-channel approach, marketing products to our customers through direct sales, electronic commerce, resellers, manufacturers' representatives and distributors. We primarily use direct sales to market our solutions to customer accounts. Sales agents supplement direct sales by providing broader geographic coverage and coverage of smaller accounts. Our active reseller program augments our ability to provide more complete solutions to our customers. We sell our consumables products through distributors, electronic commerce and direct sales. 7 Table of Contents Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Manufacturing Our manufacturing supports our diverse product range and customer-centric focus. We assemble highly configurable products to individual customer orders and make standard products to stock. We employ advanced manufacturing techniques and supply chain management systems to reduce costs and manufacturing cycle times. We selectively use third parties to provide some supply chain processes for manufacturing, warehousing and logistics. In the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in California, Colorado, Delaware, Iowa, Massachusetts, Texas and Vermont. Outside of the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in Canada, China, Denmark, Germany, Malaysia and Singapore. Our FDA registered sites include California, Colorado, Texas, Vermont, Canada, Denmark and Germany. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Competition The analytical product sets in the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets in which we compete are characterized by evolving industry standards and intense competition. Our principal competitors in the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets arena include: AB Sciex., a division of Danaher Corporation, Avecia, a division of Nitto Denko, Bruker, Inc., Leica Biosystems, Inc., a division of Danaher Corporation, Roche Ventana Medical Systems, Inc., a member of the Roche Group, Shimadzu Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Twist Bioscience Corporation and Waters Corporation. We compete on the basis of product performance, reliability, support quality, applications expertise, whole solution offering, global channel coverage and price. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Government Regulation Some of the products the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment sells are subject to regulatory approval by the FDA and other regulatory bodies throughout the world. These regulations govern a wide variety of product related activities, from quality management, design and development to labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. We continually invest in our manufacturing infrastructure to gain and maintain certifications necessary for the level of clearance. Agilent CrossLab Our Agilent CrossLab segment provides an extensive services and consumables portfolio that spans the entire lab, in addition to software and laboratory automation solutions, which are designed to improve customer outcomes and represents a broad range of offerings designed to serve customer needs across end-markets and applications. Our services portfolio includes repairs, parts, maintenance, installations, training, compliance support, software as a service, asset management, consulting and various other custom services to support the c