Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider all of the information in this report, including the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations in future periods. Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Industry If we are unable to successfully implement our long-term strategic plans and growth strategies, including Project Sunshine, our future operating results could suffer. The success of our long-term strategic plan and growth strategies, including Project Sunshine, alone or collectively, will depend on various factors, including the appeal of our product designs, retail presentation to consumers, effectiveness of our marketing initiatives, realignment of our digital platforms and strategies, expense-saving initiatives, competitive conditions, and economic conditions. Project Sunshine represents our comprehensive strategy to strengthen our market position by tapping into our brand’s strong emotional connection with consumers. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement our strategic plan and growth strategies. If we are unsuccessful in implementing some or all of our strategies or initiatives, our future operating results could be adversely impacted. Changes in general economic conditions and political uncertainty, including policies related to global trade and tariffs, and their impact on consumer confidence and consumer spending, could negatively impact our profitability and net revenues, which could force us to delay or slow the implementation of our growth strategies and adversely impact our results of operations. Our performance is subject to general economic conditions and political uncertainty and their impact on levels of consumer confidence and consumer spending. Consumer confidence and consumer spending may be influenced by levels of inflation, fluctuating interest rates and credit availability (including possible exposure to bank failures), changing fuel and other energy costs, fluctuating commodity prices, levels of unemployment and consumer debt levels, tariffs, trade barriers or other measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade, changes in net worth based on market conditions, general uncertainty regarding the overall future economic environment, political turmoil and uncertainty, pandemics or other public health matters, and weather and weather-related phenomena. Consumer purchases of discretionary items, including our merchandise, generally decline during periods when disposable income is adversely affected or there is economic or political uncertainty. This includes rising geopolitical tensions and U.S. policies related to global trade and tariffs. The deterioration of economic relations between countries, such as changes in or terminations of existing trade agreements, or the imposition of tariffs (including recent U.S. tariffs imposed or threatened to be imposed on Canada, Mexico, China, and other countries, and any retaliatory actions taken by such countries) or otherwise, could impact our profitability or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, in the event of a downturn in the U.S. economy, or if there is a decline in consumer-spending levels or other unfavorable conditions, including inflationary pressure, we could experience lower than expected net revenues, which could force us to delay or slow the implementation of our growth strategies and adversely impact our results of operations. If we are unable to predict and respond in a timely manner to changes in consumer demand, our net revenues and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our success depends on our ability to gauge the fashion tastes of our customers and to provide merchandise that satisfies consumer demand in a timely manner. Our products must appeal to a broad range of consumers whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change. We cannot assure that we will be able to develop appealing patterns, styles, and collections or meet changing consumer demands in the future. If we misjudge the market for our products, we may be faced with significant excess inventories for some products and missed opportunities for other products. In addition, changes to our product assortment and to our available fabrications, as well as the availability and breadth of pattern assortment may not gain consumer acceptance. Merchandise misjudgments could adversely impact our net revenues and results of operations. If we are unable to effectively manage inventory levels, product assortment, and promotional activity across channels, our gross margins, brand perception, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our business requires us to forecast consumer demand and to manage inventory purchases, allocations, and replenishment decisions across Vera Bradley Direct, Vera Bradley Indirect, and our other channels, including sales through the Vera Bradley websites and marketplaces. Forecasting errors, changes in consumer preferences, delays in product flow, or shifts in channel mix may result in excess or aged inventory, higher markdowns, increased product returns, the need to increase promotional activity, and the write-off of inventory that cannot be sold at or above cost. Promotional activity by us or by our Vera Bradley Indirect partners or marketplace operators may also reduce realized pricing, compress gross margins, and adversely impact 13 Table of Contents brand positioning. In addition, efforts to reduce promotions or optimize pricing may negatively impact traffic and conversion, and pricing inconsistencies across channels may harm customer trust or strain key Vera Bradley Indirect relationships. We may experience declines in comparable sales which could negatively affect the price of our common stock. We may not be able to regain the levels of comparable sales that we have experienced in the past, and comparable sales may also further deteriorate. If our future comparable sales fail to meet market expectations, then the price of our common stock could decline. Also, the aggregate results of operations of our stores have fluctuated in the past and will fluctuate in the future. Numerous factors influence comparable sales, including fashion trends, competition, national and regional economic conditions, pricing, inflation, the timing of the release of new merchandise and promotional events, changes in our merchandise mix, marketing programs, changes in consumer shopping trends, site selection strategies, public health matters, and weather conditions. These factors may cause our comparable sales results to be lower in the future than in recent periods or lower than expectations, either of which could result in a decline in the price of our common stock. If our multi-channel distribution model is not successful, our business and results of operations may suffer. We currently sell our Vera Bradley-branded products into two segments: Direct to consumers through Vera Bradley full-line and outlet stores in the United States, the Vera Bradley websites (verabradley.com, international.verabradley.com, and outlet.verabradley.com), typically the Vera Bradley annual outlet sale in Fort Wayne, Indiana as well as direct to consumer marketplaces; and through our Vera Bradley Indirect wholesale business which consists of sales to specialty retail locations, department stores, national accounts, third-party inventory liquidators, as well as royalties recognized through licensing agreements related to the Vera Bradley brand. These channels are sometimes in direct competition and sales through these channels may not be incremental to total sales. If our omni-channel distribution model is unsuccessful, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We may not be able to successfully open new stores and/or operate new and current stores as planned, which could adversely impact our results of operations. Our long-term future growth prospects include our ability to successfully open new stores and operate new and current Vera Bradley stores. In recent years, however, Vera Bradley comparable store sales have declined. Consequently, the rate at which we have opened new stores has slowed. We have closed a total of 91 underperforming full-line stores and five underperforming outlet stores since the beginning of fiscal 2015 and forecast that we will close additional underperforming full-line stores. We will opportunistically evaluate new store locations if we can obtain favorable locations and rental agreements. We will continue to evaluate our plans fo r store openings in future years in light of demand and store performance. Our ability to successfully open and operate stores depends on many factors, including our ability to: • identify suitable store locations, the availability of which may be uncertain; • negotiate acceptable lease terms, including desired tenant improvement allowances; • hire, train, and retain store personnel and management; • assimilate new store personnel and management into our corporate culture; • source and manufacture inventory; and • successfully integrate new stores into our existing operations and information technology systems. The success of new store openings may also be affected by our ability to initiate marketing efforts in advance of opening our first store in a particular region. Additionally, we will incur pre-opening costs and we may encounter initial losses while new stores commence operations, which could strain our resources and adversely impact our results of operations. Our business depends on a strong brand. If we are unable to execute our marketing strategies, intended to enhance our brand, then revenues and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. We believe that the brand images that we have developed have contributed significantly to the success of our business. We also believe that enhancing the Vera Bradley brand through our marketing strategies is critical to maintaining and expanding our customer base. Enhancing our brand and implementing our marketing strategies may require us to make substantial investments in areas such as product design, store operations, store design, community relations, and marketing. These investments might not succeed. If we are unable to successfully execute our brand strategies, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. Closing stores could result in significant costs to us. We have closed a total of 91 underperforming full-line stores and five underperforming outlet stores since the beginning of fiscal 2015 and forecast that we will close additional underperforming stores. We could, in the future, decide to close additional stores beyond those currently forecasted that are producing losses or that are not as profitable as we expect. If we decide to close any stores before the expiration of their lease terms, we may incur payments to landlords to terminate or “buy out” the 14 Table of Contents remaining term of the lease. We also may incur costs related to the employees at such stores, whether or not we terminate the leases early. Upon any such closure, the closing costs, including fixed assets and inventory write-downs, could adversely affect our results of operations and our cash on hand. Our ability to attract customers to our stores depends heavily on the success of the shopping centers in which many of our stores are located. Substantially all of our Vera Bradley Direct stores are located in regional mall shopping centers, and many of our Vera Bradley Indirect customers are also located in regional mall shopping centers. Factors beyond our control impact mall traffic, including general economic conditions, consumer spending levels, and pandemics or other public health matters. Consumer spending and mall traffic have been depressed in recent years. As a result, mall operators have faced increasing operational and financial difficulties. The increasing inability of mall “anchor” tenants and other area attractions to generate consumer traffic around our stores, the increasing inability of mall operators to attract “anchor” tenants and maintain viable operations, and the increasing departures of existing “anchor” and other mall tenants due to declines in the sales volume and in the popularity of certain malls as shopping destinations, have reduced and may continue to reduce our sales volume and, consequently, adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We are subject to risks associated with leasing substantial amounts of space, including future increases in occupancy costs. We lease all of our store locations. We typically occupy our stores under operating leases with terms of ten years. We have been able to negotiate favorable rental rates in recent years due in part to the state of the economy and high vacancy rates within some shopping centers, but there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to negotiate such favorable terms. Some of our leases have early cancellation clauses, which permit the lease to be terminated by us or the landlord if certain sales levels are not met in specific periods or if the shopping center does not meet specified occupancy standards. In addition to requiring future minimum lease payments, some of our store leases provide for the payment of common area maintenance charges, real property insurance, and real estate taxes. Many of our lease agreements have escalating rent provisions over the initial term and any extensions. If we expand our store base, our lease expense and our cash outlays for rent under lease agreements will increase. Our substantial operating lease obligations could have significant negative consequences, including: • requiring that a substantial portion of our available cash be applied to pay our rental obligations, thus reducing cash available for other purposes; • increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; • limiting our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business or industry; and • limiting our ability to obtain additional financing. Any of these consequences could place us at a disadvantage with respect to our competitors. We depend on cash flow from operating activities to pay our lease expenses and to fulfill our other cash needs. If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities to fund these expenses and needs, we may not be able to service our lease expenses, grow our business, respond to competitive challenges, or fund our other liquidity and capital needs, which would harm our business. Additional sites that we lease may be subject to long-term non-cancelable leases if we are unable to negotiate our current standard lease terms. If an existing or future store is not profitable, and we decide to close it, we may nonetheless be committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease, including paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term. Moreover, even if a lease has an early cancellation clause, we may not satisfy the contractual requirements for early cancellation under the lease. Our inability to enter new leases or renew existing leases on acceptable terms or be released from our obligations under leases for stores that we close would, in any such case, affect us adversely. Failure to effectively compete with other retailers for sales could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The market for bags, accessories, travel items and our other products is increasingly competitive. Our competitive challenges include: • attracting customer traffic; • sourcing and manufacturing merchandise efficiently; • competitively pricing our products and achieving customer perception of value; • maintaining favorable brand recognition and effectively marketing our products to consumers in diverse market segments; • developing designs that appeal to a broad range of demographic and age segments; • developing high-quality products; • offering attractive promotional incentives while maintaining profit margins; and 15 Table of Contents • establishing and maintaining good working relationships with our wholesale retailers. In our Vera Bradley Indirect business, we compete with numerous manufacturers, importers, and distributors of handbags, accessories, and other products for the limited space available for the display of such products to the consumer. In our Vera Bradley Direct business, we compete against other gift and specialty retailers, department stores, catalog retailers, and Internet businesses that engage in the retail sale of similar products. Moreover, the general availability of contract manufacturing allows new entrants easy access to the markets in which we compete, which may increase the number of competitors and adversely affect our competitive position and our business. In addition, in light of a continued difficult consumer environment, pricing is a significant driver of consumer choice in our industry and we regularly engage in price competition, particularly through our promotional programs, which impacts our margins. To the extent that we decrease our promotional activity or are otherwise unable to effectively compete on pricing, our ability to maintain sales levels may be adversely impacted. Our wholesale business could suffer as a result of decisions by our wholesale retailers to decrease or eliminate the amount of merchandise purchased from us. We do not enter into long-term agreements with any of our wholesale retailers. Instead, we enter into a number of purchase order commitments with our customers for each of our lines every season. A decision by a significant number of wholesale retailers, whether motivated by competitive conditions, operational or financial difficulties, reduced access to capital, or otherwise, to decrease or eliminate the amount of merchandise purchased from us or to change their manner of doing business with us could adversely impact our results of operations. Although we recommend retail sale prices for our products to our wholesale retailers, we typically do not provide dealer allowances or other economic incentives to support those prices. Possible promotional pricing or discounting by wholesale retailers in response to softening retail demand could have a negative effect on our brand image and prestige, which might be difficult to counteract. Bankruptcies or other operational or financial difficulties of our wholesale retailers could adversely impact our business. We sell our wholesale merchandise primarily to specialty retail and department stores across the United States and extend trade credit based on an evaluation of each wholesale retailer’s financial condition, usually without requiring collateral. Perceived or actual financial difficulties of a customer could cause us to curtail or eliminate business with that customer or could decrease demand for our products by that customer. Pending the resolution of a relationship with a financially troubled wholesale retailer, we might assume credit risk that we would otherwise avoid relating to our receivables from that customer. Inability to collect on accounts receivable from our wholesale retailers would adversely impact our results of operations and financial position. Risks Related to Global Sourcing and Distribution We rely on various contract manufacturers to produce all of our products and generally do not have long-term contracts with our manufacturers. Our various contract manufacturers produce all of our products. We generally do not enter into long-term formal written agreements with our manufacturers and instead transact business with each of them on an order-by-order basis. In the event of a disruption in our contract manufacturers’ production systems, we may be unable to locate alternative manufacturers of comparable quality at an acceptable price or in a timely manner, or at all. Identifying a suitable manufacturer is an involved process that requires us to become satisfied with the prospective manufacturer’s quality control, responsiveness and service, financial stability, labor practices, and environmental compliance. Any delay, interruption, or increased cost in the manufactured products that might occur for any reason, such as the lack of long-term contracts or regulatory requirements and the loss of certifications, power interruptions, fires, hurricanes, war, pandemics or other public health matters, tariff-related cost increases, or threats of terrorism, could affect our ability to meet customer demand for our products, adversely affect our net revenues, increase our cost of sales, and hurt our results of operations. In addition, manufacturing disruption could injure our reputation and customer relationships, thereby harming our business. We rely on various suppliers to supply a significant majority of our raw materials. We generally do not enter into long-term formal written agreements with our suppliers and typically transact business with each of them on an order-by-order basis. In the event of a significant disruption in the supply of fabrics or raw materials from our current sources, we may not be able to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an acceptable price or in a timely manner, or at all. In such a case, we could have difficulty meeting consumer demand and net revenues could be adversely impacted. We rely on a limited number of distribution facilities for the products we sell. Distribution operations currently concentrated in a single, company-owned distribution center in Roanoke, Indiana. 16 Table of Contents Any significant disruption in the operation of these facilities due to natural disaster or severe weather, or events such as fire, accidents, power outages, system failures, or other unforeseen causes, could devalue or damage a significant portion of our inventory and could adversely affect our product distribution and sales until such time as we could secure alternative facilities. In addition to the aforementioned events, pandemics or other public health matters could cause disruptions in our distribution operations if we were to temporarily suspend operations, or if we are unable to obtain the staffing levels required to effectively operate the facilities. If we encounter difficulties with our distribution facilities or other problems or disasters arise, we cannot ensure that critical systems and operations will be restored in a timely manner or at all, and this would have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, if our distribution facilities are unable to sufficiently meet the capacity needs for the future growth of our business and products, we could be required to further expand our current facilities, which could affect us adversely in ways that we cannot predict. The cost of raw materials could increase our cost of sales and cause our results of operations to suffer. Fluctuations in the price, availability, and quality of fabrics or other raw materials used to manufacture our products, as well as increases in the price for labor, marketing, and transportation, could have adverse impacts on our cost of sales and our ability to meet our customers’ demands. In particular, increases in the price of cotton, our primary raw material, could have an adverse impact on our cost of sales. In addition, because synthetic components of our products are petroleum-based, the cost of oil affects the cost of our products. Upward movements in the price of oil in the global oil markets would also likely result in rising fuel and freight prices, which could increase our shipping costs. In the future, we may not be able to pass all or a portion of such higher costs on to our customers. Our business is subject to the risks inherent in global sourcing and manufacturing activities. We source our raw materials primarily from various suppliers in Asia, with the majority of non-cotton based products coming from China and South Korea. Our cotton-based products are sourced from areas outside of China. We outsource the production of a significant majority of our products to companies in Asia. We are subject to the risks inherent in global sourcing and manufacturing, including, but not limited to: • exchange rate fluctuations and trends; • availability of raw materials; • c ompliance with labor laws and other foreign governmental regulations; • compliance with U.S. import and export laws and regulations including the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act (“UFLPA”) as described below ; • disruption or delays in shipments; • loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites; • product quality issues; • political unrest; • natural disasters, acts of war and terrorism, changing macroeconomic trends, pandemics or other public health matters, and other external factors over which we have no control; and • quotas, duties, tariffs, or other trade restrictions or regulations. The UFLPA went into effect on June 21, 2022. The act establishes a rebuttable presumption that the importation into the United States of any goods manufactured in whole or partially in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of China, or produced by certain entities, is prohibited entry. The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection employs a risk-based approach that prioritizes the highest-risk goods based on current data and intelligence available to them at the time of entry. Significant disruption of manufacturing for any of the above reasons could interrupt product supply and, if not remedied in a timely manner, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Additionally, we do not have complete oversight over our contract manufacturers. Violations of labor or other laws by those manufacturers, or the divergence of a contract manufacturer’s labor or other practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the United States or in other markets in which we may in the future do business, could also draw negative publicity for us and our brands, diminishing the value of our brands and reducing demand for our products. 17 Table of Contents Our ability to source our products at favorable prices, or at all, could be harmed, with adverse effects on our results of operations, if new trade restrictions are imposed, existing trade restrictions become more burdensome, or increased tariffs are implemented. A significant majority of our products are currently manufactured for us in Asia. The United States and the countries in which our products are produced have imposed and may impose additional quotas, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions or regulations or may adversely adjust prevailing quotas, duties, or tariffs. Countries impose, modify, and remove tariffs and other trade restrictions in response to a diverse array of factors, including global and national economic and political conditions, which make it impossible for us to predict future developments regarding tariffs and other trade restrictions. Trade restrictions, which include embargoes, safeguards, and customs restrictions, could increase the cost or reduce the supply of products available to us or could require us to modify our supply chain organization or other current business practices, any of which could harm our results of operations. In addition, the current U.S. presidential administration has implemented tariffs and has signaled that it may implement additional or increased tariffs, other trade restrictions, or may alter trade agreements between the U.S. and Canada, China, the European Union and Mexico, among others. Such actions include limiting trade and/or imposing tariffs on imports from such countries. Tariffs have the potential to significantly raise the cost of our merchandise. In such a case, there can be no assurance that we will be able to shift manufacturing and supply agreements to non-impacted countries to reduce the effects of tariffs. As a result, we may suffer margin erosion or be required to raise our prices, which may result in the loss of customers and negatively impact our results of operations. We rely on independent transportation providers for substantially all of our product shipments. We currently rely on independent transportation service providers for substantially all of our product shipments. Our utilization of these delivery services, or those of any other shipping companies that we may elect to use, is subject to risks, including increases in fuel prices, which would increase our shipping costs, employee strikes, labor shortages, health emergencies, and inclement weather, which may impact a shipping company’s ability to provide delivery services sufficient to meet our shipping needs. If for any reason we were to change shipping companies, we could face logistical difficulties that might adversely affect deliveries, and we would incur costs and expend resources in the course of making the change. Moreover, we might not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those received from the service providers that we currently use, which in turn would increase our costs. We also would face shipping and distribution risks and uncertainties associated with any expansion of our distribution facilities and related systems. Losses or disruptions associated with our distribution systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. Our operating results depend on the orderly operation of our receiving and distribution functions, which also depends on our vendors' adherence to our shipping and receiving schedules. We may not anticipate all of the changing demands that our operating activities may impose on our receiving and distribution functions. There may also be events that are beyond our control that could cause delays in these functions, including but not limited to, changing macroeconomic trends, pandemics or other public health matters, and general disruptions or delays in shipping and receiving. In addition, we rely on the flow of our goods through worldwide ports on a consistent basis. Disruption at the ports, such as labor work stoppages, could create significant risks to our business, particularly if the occurrence is during a peak import time. If we experience significant delays in our receipt of product, we may experience an increase in freight costs, unanticipated inventory shortages, and missed sales opportunities which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 18 Table of Contents Risks Related to Information Technology and Security A data security or privacy breach could damage our reputation and our relationships with our customers, expose us to litigation risk a nd adversely affect our business. We remain de pendent on information technology systems and networks, including the Internet, for a significant portion of our sales, primarily through our e-commerce operations and credit card transaction authorization and processing. We are also responsible for storing data relating to our customers and employees and rely on third parties for the operation of our e-commerce websites and for the various social media tools and websites we use as part of our marketing strategy. As part of our normal course of business, we often collect, retain, and transmit certain sensitive and confidential customer information, including the transmission of credit card information, over public networks. There is a significant concern by consumers and employees over the security of personal information transmitted over the Internet, consumer identity theft, and user privacy. Despite the security measures we currently have in place, our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, ransomware, or other similar events. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies by attackers may intensify our cybersecurity risks. Any electronic or physical security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential or personally identifiable information, including penetration of our network security, whether by us or by a third-party, could disrupt our business, severely damage our reputation and our relationships with our customers, expose us to risks of litigation and liability, and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We do not control third-party service providers and cannot guarantee that electronic or physical computer break-ins and security breaches will not occur in the future. Any perceived or actual unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information regarding our customers or website visitors could harm our reputation and credibility, reduce our e-commerce net sales, impair our ability to attract website visitors, and reduce our ability to attract and retain customers. We may also incur significant costs in complying with the various applicable state, federal, and foreign laws regarding unauthorized disclosure of personal information. Changes in privacy laws, regulations, and platform policies could increase our compliance costs and limit our ability to acquire customer s effectively, which could adversely affect our business. We are subject to a rapidly evolving set of privacy, data protection, marketing, and consumer disclosure laws and regulations in the United States and internationally. Compliance may require changes to our data practices, notices, consent mechanisms, vendor management, and recordkeeping, and may increase costs related to personnel, systems, monitoring, and audits. In addition, changes in browser, mobile operating system, and advertising platform policies may limit the availability of data signals used for measurement and targeting, which could reduce the effectiveness of our marketing spend, increase customer acquisition costs, and adversely affect our ability to grow sales through the Vera Bradley websites and marketplaces. Our business could suffer if our computer systems and websites are disrupted or cease to operate effectively. We are dependent on our computer systems to record and process transactions and manage and operate our business, including in designing, marketing, manufacturing, importing, tracking and distributing our products, processing payments, and accounting for and reporting results. We also utilize an automated replenishment system to facilitate the processing of basic replenishment orders, the movement of goods through distribution channels, and the collection of information for planning and forecasting. In addition, we have U.S. and international e-commerce websites. Given the complexity of our business and the significant number of transactions that we engage in, it is imperative that we maintain constant operation of our computer hardware and software systems. Despite our preventive efforts, including back-up systems, our systems are vulnerable from time to time to damage or interruption from, among other things, security breaches, computer viruses or power outages. Any material disruptions in our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are exposed to business risks as a result of our e-commerce operations. We operate e-commerce stores at www.verabradley.com, outlet.verabradley.com, and international.verabradley.com. Expanding our e-commerce business is one of the key objectives of our business strategy. Our e-commerce operations are subject to numerous risks, including unanticipated operating problems, reliance on third-party computer hardware and software providers, system failures, and the need to invest in additional computer systems. Specific risks include: (i) diversion of sales from our stores; (ii) rapid technological change; (iii) liability for e-commerce content; and (iv) risks related to the failure of the computer systems that operate the websites and their related support systems, including from computer viruses, telecommunication failures, and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. Internet operations involve risks which may be beyond our control that could have a direct material adverse effect on our operating results, including: (i) price competition involving the items we intend to sell; (ii) the level of merchandise returns we experience; (iii) governmental regulation; (iv) e-commerce security breaches involving unauthorized access to our systems and/or customer information; (v) credit card fraud; (vi) adverse changes in the terms, policies, algorithms, fees, or service levels of marketplaces or other third-party digital platforms on which we sell or advertise; and (vii) competition and general economic conditions specific to the Internet, e-commerce, and the accessories industry. If we are unable to effectively address these risks and any other risks that we face in 19 Table of Contents connection with our Internet operations, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. The use of or failure to adopt artificial intelligence technologies may impact our business The use of artificial intelligence (“AI”) technologies could expose us to operational, legal, regulatory, cybersecurity, and reputational risks, and the use of AI by third parties could increase fraud, misinformation, data privacy concerns, and other risks to our business. AI technologies may produce inaccurate, biased, or unreliable outputs, and our reliance on such technologies, whether internally developed or obtained from third parties, could result in errors in decision-making, regulatory scrutiny, customer dissatisfaction, or damage to our reputation. In addition, our business increasingly depends on technology and digital capabilities, and the thoughtful development, integration, and oversight of AI technologies may be important to our long-term competitiveness. Implementing or integrating AI technologies may require significant investments in infrastructure, data management, governance, and talent, and may involve complex implementation efforts and operational risks. If we are unable to develop, acquire, implement, or manage AI technologies effectively, in a cost-efficient or timely manner, or if such technologies do not perform as intended, our operations, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, the competitive landscape may evolve rapidly as companies invest in and deploy AI-enabled products, services, and processes. We may not be successful in identifying, developing, or adopting AI capabilities that meet the needs of our customers or keep pace with technological advances. Competitors or new market entrants may develop or deploy AI technologies more effectively than we do, which could erode our competitive position. Conversely, if we fail to adopt AI technologies thoughtfully and strategically, or fail to appropriately govern their use, we could miss opportunities to improve efficiency, innovation, and customer experience, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and long-term competitiveness. Risks Related to Tax and Valuation Matters Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may result in volatility of our operating results and stock price. We are subject to income taxes in many U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on our estimates of future payments, which includes reserves for uncertain tax positions in multiple tax jurisdictions. At any one time, many tax years are subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. Further, possible changes in federal, state, local, and non-U.S. tax laws bearing upon our revenues, income, property, or other aspects of our operations or business would, if enacted, affect our results of operations in ways and to a degree that we cannot currently predict. We have recorded long-lived asset impairment charges in the past and we may record material long-lived asset impairment charges in the future. Quarterly, we assess whether events or changes in circumstances have occurred that indicate the carrying value of long-lived asset groups may not be recoverable. If we determine that the carrying value of long-lived asset groups are not recoverable, we will be required to record impairment charges relating to those assets. For example, our assessments during fiscal years 2026 and 2025 indicated that operating losses or insufficient operating income existed at certain retail stores, with a projection that the operating losses or insufficient operating income for those locations would continue. As such, we recorded non-cash charges of $1.0 million and $2.4 million during fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively, within selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations to write down the carrying values of these stores' long-lived asset groups to their estimated fair values. We recorded no long-lived asset impairments in fiscal 2024. Our quarterly evaluation of store assets includes consideration of current and historical performance and projections of future profitability. The profitability projections rely upon estimates made by us, including store-level sales, gross margins, and direct expenses, and, by their nature, inc