ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

 The
following risks and uncertainties should be carefully considered in addition to the other information included in this Report. If any
of the following conditions or other unknown conditions should occur, our business, financial condition or operating results could be
materially harmed. An investment in our securities is speculative in nature, involves a high degree of risk and should not be made by
an investor who cannot bear the economic risk of its investment for an indefinite period of time and who cannot afford the loss of its
entire investment. 

 Risks Related to our Business and Industry 

 Although we have been in business for over eight
years, we have not yet established a successful and sustainable business model. 

 We formed our corporation in 2018.
Since formation, we have focused on research, development and certification of our first energy storage system. We began marketing, sales,
and installations via our certified installers in May 2019 (although no sales were completed in the year ended June 30, 2019). We may
never achieve commercial success with our energy solutions. We are presently transitioning from being a storage manufacturer into an integrated
energy solutions leader, therefore, we have limited historical financial data upon which we may base our projected revenue and operating
expenses. While we are optimistic on the prospects for success in our new business model, we continue to be subject to many of the risks
inherent in business development, financing, unexpected expenditures, and complications and delays that often occur in a new business.
Investors should evaluate an investment in us in light of the uncertainties encountered by developing companies in a competitive environment.
There can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately be able to attain profitability. 

 7 

 We have a history of net losses and we are uncertain
about our future profitability. 

 We have incurred significant net
losses since our inception. For the years ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, we have incurred net losses of $21.5 million and $5.0 million,
respectively. As of June 30, 2026, we had an accumulated deficit of $47.2 million. If our revenue grows more slowly than currently anticipated,
or if operating expenses are higher than expected, we may be unable to consistently achieve profitability, our financial condition will
suffer, and the value of our common stock could decline. Even if we are successful increasing our sales, we may incur losses in the foreseeable
future as we continue to develop and market our products. If sales revenue from any of our current products or any additional products
that we develop in the future is insufficient, or if our product development is delayed, we may be unable to achieve profitability and,
in the event we are unable to secure financing for prolonged periods of time, we may need to temporarily cease operations and, possibly,
shut them down altogether. Furthermore, even if we are able to achieve profitability, we may be unable to sustain or increase such profitability
on a quarterly or annual basis, which would adversely impact our financial condition and significantly reduce the value of our common
stock. 

 The anticipated startup of our new utility-scale
battery manufacturing joint venture in the State of Georgia at the end of our fiscal 2027 first quarter may be subject to significant
competitive, operational, financial, regulatory, and technological risks. 

 We may encounter intense competition from
established players with greater resources or brand recognition, and demand volatility or slow adoption of our products could delay
revenue generation. We may experience supply chain disruptions if key components or services are not yet secured and dependency on
key personnel for product development, sales, or operations. We may encounter liquidity constraints if the business requires
significantly higher upfront investment than we are expecting before generating cash flow. We may confront challenges in achieving compliance
with new or evolving regulations in the target market, such as environmental, safety, or labor compliance risks, and pending
litigation or claims related to our new products. We may face cybersecurity threats to customer data or proprietary systems
and rapid technological changes that could render our products obsolete. 

 We expect certain financial benefits as a result
of federal tax incentives available to our new utility-scale battery manufacturing joint venture. If these expected financial benefits
vary significantly from our assumptions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected . 

 We expect our new utility-scale
battery manufacturing joint venture plant in the State of Georgia to be eligible for the Advanced Manufacturing Tax Credit under Internal
Revenue Code Section 45X and to enable our customers to claim the Clean Electricity Investment Tax Credit under Internal Revenue Code
Section 48E, notwithstanding that there are strict federal tax regulations pertaining to these credits which involve any foreign sourcing. 

 We anticipate qualifying for the
Advanced Manufacturing Tax Credit by virtue of manufacturing our utility-scale batteries in the United States and selling them to unrelated
purchasers. Such credits may be refundable by the IRS or transferable to a third party for cash and are available from 2023 to 2032, subject
to phase-down beginning in 2030. Our ability to realize these benefits depends on our ability to satisfy applicable statutory requirements
or regulatory guidance regarding Section 45X of the IRC. 

 The One Big Beautiful Bill Act
(“OBBBA”) passed by Congress in July 2025 provides that a qualified facility, energy storage technology or eligible component
that includes material assistance from a prohibited foreign entity is not eligible for a credit under Section 45X. Material assistance
is defined as a material assistance cost ratio (“MACR”) that is less than the applicable threshold percentage. 

 Despite the fact that our joint
venture partner is affiliated with such a foreign entity, we expect to achieve compliance with the OBBBA by relying on IRS Notice 2026-15,
which offers high-level general rules and an interim safe-harbor approach to calculating the MACR for a project or manufactured component. This
safe harbor, which is expected to be available to NVP, allows taxpayers to trace to the level of detail of the items listed in the IRS’s
domestic content safe harbor tables with additional averaging rules to account for procurement and tracing. 

 8 

 We have made a significant investment of management
time and other resources in the development of a third-party ownership platform which is designed to provide a new market for our residential
and commercial energy storage products. If this new platform is not successful in meeting its anticipated objectives, there can be no
assurance that we will be able to achieve a satisfactory return on our underlying investments. 

 The market for our legacy residential
and commercial battery storage products has dramatically shifted due to recent federal tax law changes prescribed in the OBBBA. As a result,
we believe that the most effective path for us to market those products going forward is through a tax-efficient, third-party ownership
(“TPO”) model. Therefore, we recently entered into a TPO Platform Services Agreement with an experienced, privately-owned
development company to establish and operate a TPO platform with that company, which is designed to provide a new market for our residential
and commercial energy storage products. This new platform will be fully functional for the initial processing of customer sales in
the first quarter of our fiscal year 2027. There can be no assurance that the launch of our TPO platform will be successful in
meeting our anticipated objectives and in recovering the investments of management time and other resources that we have made. 

 We may experience in the future, delays or other
complications in the design, manufacture, launch and production ramp of our energy storage products which could harm our brand, business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

 We may encounter unanticipated
challenges, such as supply chain or logistics constraints, that lead to delays in producing and ramping our energy storage products. Any
significant delay or other complication in the production of our products or the development, manufacture, and production ramp of our
future products, including complications associated with expanding our production capacity and supply chain or obtaining or maintaining
regulatory approvals, could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

 We may be unable to meet our growing energy
storage production plans and delivery plans, any of which could harm our business and prospects. 

 Our plans call for achieving and
sustaining significant increases in energy storage systems production and deliveries. Our ability to achieve these plans will depend upon
a number of factors, including our ability to utilize installed manufacturing capacity, achieve the planned production yield and further
increase capacity as planned while maintaining our desired quality levels and optimize design and production changes, and our suppliers’
ability to support our needs. If we are unable to realize our plans, our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating
results could be materially damaged. 

 We are dependent on our two main component vendors
for our supplies of battery cells, inverters and other raw materials and the inability of these single-source suppliers to deliver necessary
components of our products according to our schedule and at prices, quality levels and volumes acceptable to us, or our inability to efficiently
manage these components, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

 Our products contain numerous
purchased parts which we source globally from direct suppliers, the majority of whom are currently single-source suppliers. Any significant
unanticipated demand would require us to procure additional components in a short amount of time. While we believe that we will be able
to secure additional or alternate sources of supply for most of our components in a relatively short time frame, there is no assurance
that we will be able to do so or develop our own replacements for certain highly customized components of our products. In addition, if
we are required to use alternative suppliers for certain critical components, we may need to have our products go through a re-certification
process with various regulatory bodies, which process may be lengthy. In such event, we would not be able to sell our products using these
new components until we received all required certifications. 

 If we encounter unexpected difficulties
with key suppliers such as our inverter or lithium-iron phosphate cell supplier, and if we are unable to fill these needs from other suppliers,
we could experience production delays and potential loss of access to important technology and parts for producing, servicing and supporting
our products. This limited, and in many cases single source, supply chain exposes us to multiple potential sources of delivery failure
or component shortages for the production of our products. The loss of any single or limited source supplier or the disruption in the
supply of components from these suppliers could lead to significant product design changes and delays in product deliveries to our customers,
which could hurt our relationships with our customers and result in negative publicity, damage to our brand and a material and adverse
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

 9 

 We may become subject to further tariff increases
that would apply to the two main raw material components of our products which are sourced from Asian suppliers. 

 Presently, our two main raw material
components, batteries and inverters, are imported from different suppliers in China and, until recently, were subject to fairly low tariff
rates that had been in effect for several years. Beginning in April 2025, the Trump Administration implemented a significant increase
in tariff rates based on the authority of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (“IEEPA”) on all goods imported
from China, although it was temporarily suspended for 90 days in April 2025 and the tariff rate was lowered in November 2025, subject
to judicial review. In February 2026, the Supreme Court declared the tariffs to be unconstitutional based on the authority of IEEPA, therefore,
the Administration is considering alternative approaches to implementing tariffs that it believes would be sustained in a judicial review.
Prior to the tariff escalation in April 2025, we had anticipated the likelihood of facing such a tariff increase and began periodic stockpiling
our inventory of these two components, which we have continued to pursue in any subsequent periods of tariff abatements or reductions
since then, in order to reduce the impact of the tariffs. 

 In the event, however, that such
a mutual trade agreement is not reached between the parties within the next several months and we find it necessary to begin purchasing
a significant level of our inventory components from China at post-tariff prices, we would be faced with a decision as to whether we should
attempt to pass along such tariff increases to our customers through higher prices for our products or absorb them internally, or some
combination of those two alternatives. 

 Changes in our supply chain may result in increased
cost. If we are unsuccessful in our efforts to control and reduce supplier costs, our operating results will suffer. 

 There is no assurance that our
suppliers will ultimately be able to meet our cost, quality and volume needs, or do so at the times needed. Furthermore, as the scale
of our energy storage systems increase, we will need to accurately forecast, purchase, warehouse and transport to our manufacturing facilities
components at much higher volumes than we have experience with. If we are unable to accurately match the timing and quantities of component
purchases to our actual needs, or successfully implement automation, inventory management and other systems to accommodate the increased
complexity in our supply chain, we may incur unexpected production disruption, storage, transportation and write-off costs, which could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

 We are currently selling multiple energy storage
products and if these products that we sell or install fail to perform as expected, our reputation could be harmed and our ability to
develop, market and sell our products and services could be harmed. 

 If our energy products were to
contain defects in design and manufacture that cause them not to perform as expected or that require repair or take longer than expected
to become enabled or are legally restricted, our ability to develop, market and sell our products and services could be harmed. While
we intend to perform internal testing on the products we manufacture, as a start-up company we currently have no frame of reference by
which to evaluate detailed long-term quality, reliability, durability and performance characteristics of our battery packs, inverters,
and energy storage products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix any defects in our products prior to their
sale to or installation for consumers. Any product defects, delays or legal restrictions on product features, or other failure of our
products to perform as expected could harm our reputation and result in delivery delays, product recalls, product liability claims, significant
warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

 We depend on a small number of wholesale dealers
for a significant portion of our revenues to date. 

 Due to our limited operating history,
we depend on a relatively small number of wholesale dealers and installers in California and other states for our revenue. For the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2026, our three largest dealers accounted for approximately 39%, 15% and 11% of our total revenues, respectively.
For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, our two largest dealers accounted for approximately 41% and 23% of our total revenues, respectively.
As of June 30, 2026, our three largest dealers, net of expected credit losses, represented approximately 45%, 31% and 14% of our net accounts
receivable balance. Our limited customer base and concentration could expose us to the risk of substantial losses if a single dominant
customer stops purchasing, or significantly reduces orders for, our products. Our ability to maintain close relationships with these top
customers is essential to the growth and profitability of our business. If we fail to sell our products to one or more of these top customers
in any particular period, or if a large customer purchases fewer of our products, defers orders or fails to place additional orders with
us, or if we fail to develop additional major customers, our revenue could decline, and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 10 

 If we fail to scale our business operations
and otherwise manage future growth and adapt to new conditions effectively as we grow our company, we may not be able to produce, market,
sell and service our products successfully. 

 Any failure to manage our growth
effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. Our future operating
results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage our expansion and growth successfully. We may not be successful in undertaking
this expansion if we are unable to control expenses and avoid cost overruns and other unexpected operating costs; adapt our products and
conduct our operations to meet local requirements; implement the required infrastructure, systems and processes; and find and hire the
right skills to make our growth successful. 

 If we are unable to achieve our targeted manufacturing
costs for our energy storage products our financial condition and operating results will suffer. 

 As a relatively new company, we
have limited historical data that ensures our targeted manufacturing costs will be achievable. While we expect in the future to better
understand and control our manufacturing costs, there is no guarantee we will be able to achieve sufficient cost savings to reach our
gross margin and profitability goals. We may also incur substantial costs or cost overruns in utilizing and increasing the production
capability of our energy storage system facilities. 

 If we are unable to achieve production
cost targets on our products pursuant to our plans, we may not be able to meet our gross margin and other financial targets. Many of the
factors that impact on our manufacturing costs are beyond our control, such as potential increases in the costs of our materials and components,
such as lithium iron phosphate, nickel and other components of our battery cells. If we are unable to continue to control and reduce our
manufacturing costs, our operating results, business and prospects will be harmed. 

 Increases in costs, disruption of supply or
shortage of materials, in particular for inverters and lithium iron phosphate cells, could harm our business. 

 We may experience increases in
the cost or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of materials. Any such increase, supply interruption or shortage could
materially and negatively impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We use various materials in our
business, including inverters and lithium iron phosphate cells, from suppliers. 

 The prices for these materials
fluctuate, and their available supply may be unstable, depending on market conditions and global demand for these materials, including
as a result of increased production of energy storage products by our competitors, and could adversely affect our business and operating
results. For instance, we are exposed to multiple risks relating to inverters and lithium iron phosphate cells. 

 These risks include: 

 · an increase in the cost, or decrease in the available supply, of materials used; 

 · disruption in the supply of cells due to quality issues or recalls by manufacturers; 

 · tariffs on the materials we source in China, which make up a significant amount of the materials we require; 

 · fluctuations in the value of the Chinese Renminbi against the U.S. dollar as our purchases for energy
storage products are denominated in Chinese Renminbi.; and 

 · potential increases in global shipping costs. 

 Our business is dependent on the
continued supply of inverters and battery cells for the battery packs used in our energy storage products. Any disruption in the supply
of inverters or battery cells could disrupt production of our battery packs we require for our energy storage product. Substantial increases
in the prices for our materials or prices charged to us would increase our operating costs, and could reduce our margins if we cannot
recoup the increased costs through increased prices. Any attempts to increase prices in response to increased material costs could result
in cancellations of energy storage orders and therefore materially and adversely affect our brand, image, business, prospects and operating
results. 

 11 

 Continued high mortgage interest rates may result
in a decrease in demand by homeowners for our residential energy storage systems. 

 Sales volume in our homeowner
channel is partially dependent on the construction of new homes and the sale of existing homes in our residential markets. Many customers
of our installation partners rely on mortgage loans from banks and other lenders in order to finance a substantial portion of the purchase
price for their home, including any related improvements. Increased mortgage interest rates may lead to lower demand for new homes and
a reduced number of homes available for solar origination through our homeowner channel. Additionally, increased interest rates may result
in fewer secondary home sales, a reduction in the number of customers refinancing their mortgages and uncertainty about the economy. 

 We are currently operating in a period of economic
uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing military
conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and between the U.S. and Iran. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be
materially and adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from these conflicts or any
other geopolitical tensions. 

 U.S. and global markets are experiencing
volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, which
began in February 2022, and between the U.S. and Iran, which began in February 2026. Although the length and impact of these ongoing military
conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could lead to further market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices,
credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. We are continuing to monitor the situations in both of these areas
and globally and assessing any potential impacts on our business. 

 Any of the above mentioned factors
could affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. The extent and duration of the military actions, sanctions
and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. Any such disruptions may also magnify the impact
of other risks described in this report. 

 We may become subject to product liability claims,
which could harm our financial condition and liquidity if we are not able to successfully defend or insure against such claims. 

 Although we believe we have designed
our products for safety, product liability claims, even those without merit, could harm our business, prospects, operating results and
financial condition. Our risks in this area are particularly pronounced given that we have only recently begun to deliver energy storage
products. Moreover, a product liability claim could generate substantial negative publicity about our products and business and could
have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, prospects and operating results. 

 The markets in which we operate are in their
infancy and highly competitive, and we may not be successful in competing in these industries as the industry further develops. We currently
face competition from new and established domestic and international competitors and expect to face competition from others in the future,
including competition from companies with new technology. 

 The worldwide energy storage market
is in its infancy, and we expect it will become more competitive in the future. We also expect more regulatory burden as customers adopt
this new technology. There is no assurance that our energy storage systems will be successful in the respective markets in which they
compete. A significant and growing number of established and new companies, as well as other companies, have entered or are reported to
have plans to enter the energy storage market. Most of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technical,
manufacturing, marketing, sales networks and other resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the design, development,
manufacturing, distribution, promotion, sale and support of their products. Increased competition could result in lower unit sales, price
reductions, revenue shortfalls, loss of customers and loss of market share, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition
and operating results. The energy storage industry is highly competitive. 

 12 

 We face competition from other
manufacturers, developers and installers of energy storage systems, as well as from large utilities. Decreases in the retail prices of
electricity from utilities or other renewable energy sources could make our products less attractive to customers. Reduction in various
federal and state rebate and incentive programs could also adversely affect product adoption. 

 Our products and services are subject to substantial
regulations, which are evolving, and unfavorable changes or failures by us to comply with these regulations could substantially harm our
business and operating results. 

 As a manufacturer of energy storage
systems, we are impacted by federal, state and local regulations and policies concerning electricity pricing, the interconnection of electricity
generation and storage equipment with the electric grid, and the sale of electricity generated by third-party owned systems. For example,
existing or proposed regulations and policies would permit utilities to limit the amount of electricity generated by our customers with
their solar energy systems, adjust electricity rate designs such that the price of our products may not be competitive with that of electricity
from the grid, restrict us and our customers qualifying for government incentives and benefits that apply to renewable energy, and limit
or eliminate net energy metering. If such regulations and policies remain in effect or are adopted in other jurisdictions, or if other
regulations and policies that adversely impact the interconnection or use of our energy storage systems are introduced, they could deter
potential customers from purchasing our energy storage products, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operations. 

 Our business and operations
would suffer in the event of third-party computer system failures, cyber-attacks on third-party systems or deficiency in our cyber security. 

 We rely
on information technology (“IT”) systems, including third-party “cloud based” service providers, to keep financial
records, maintain product support data, and corporate records, to communicate with staff and external parties and to operate other critical
functions. This includes critical systems such as email, other communication tools, electronic document repositories and archives. Presently,
we do not have a formal cyber security policy due to our small size. If any of our third-party information technology providers experience
security breaches or incidents due to computer viruses, unauthorized access, malware, ransomware, natural disasters, fire, terrorism,
war, telecommunication failures, electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the internet, then sensitive data, including
personal information, trade secrets, and confidential business information could be compromised, exposed, or deleted. Similarly, we could
incur business disruption if our access to the internet is compromised, and we are unable to connect with third-party IT providers. The
risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign
governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions
from around the world have increased. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss of or damage to our data
or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and delay of our product
development and support efforts. 

 We may need to assert intellectual property-related
claims or defend ourselves against intellectual property infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and could cause us to incur
substantial costs. 

 Others, including our competitors,
may hold or obtain patents, copyrights, trademarks or other proprietary rights that could prevent, limit or interfere with our ability
to make, use, develop, sell or market our products and services, which could make it more difficult for us to operate our business. From
time to time, the holders of such intellectual property rights may assert their rights and urge us to take licenses, and/or may bring
suits alleging infringement or misappropriation of such rights. We may consider the entering into licensing agreements with respect to
such rights, although no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur,
and such licenses could significantly increase our operating expenses. In addition, if we are determined to have infringed upon a third
party’s intellectual property rights, we may be required to cease making, selling or incorporating certain components or intellectual
property into the goods and services we offer, to pay substantial damages and/or license royalties, to redesign our products and services,
and/or to establish and maintain alternative branding for our products and services. In the event that we were required to take one or
more such actions, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition,
any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs, negative publicity and diversion of resources and management
attention. 

 13 

 In August 2021, we entered into
an exclusive long term supply agreement with our Asian supplier pertaining to our inverter component. This agreement contains provisions
that address the ownership and use of intellectual property rights. While we are unaware of any present dispute concerning this agreement
or our other agreements that concern ownership of or use of intellectual property rights, future disputes may arise concerning this or
other agreements we have entered into that concern ownership of or use of intellectual property rights. 

 Our business could be negatively impacted if
we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights. 

 We consider our intellectual property
rights to be important assets, and seek to protect them through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as
well as licensing and confidentiality agreements. These protections may not be adequate to prevent third parties from using our intellectual
property without our authorization, breaching any confidentiality agreements with us, copying or reverse engineering our products, or
developing and marketing products that are substantially equivalent to or superior to our own. The unauthorized use of our intellectual
property by others could reduce our competitive advantage and harm our business. Not only are intellectual property-related proceedings
burdensome and costly, but they could span years to resolve and we might not ultimately prevail. We cannot guarantee that any patents,
issued or pending, will provide us with any competitive advantage or will not be challenged by third parties. Moreover, the expiration
of our patents may lead to increased competition with respect to certain products. 

 Our industry is subject to technological change,
and our failure to continue developing new and improved products and to bring these products rapidly to market could have an adverse impact
on our business. 

 New products, or refinements and
improvements to our existing products, may have technical failures, delayed introductions, higher than expected production costs or may
not be well accepted by our customers. If we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop and market high quality products in line with
technological advancements that respond to changes in customer preferences, demand for our products could decline and our operating results
could be adversely affected. 

 Public company compliance may make it more difficult
to attract and retain officers and directors. 

 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules
subsequently implemented by the SEC have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As a public company,
we expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance
in the future and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same
or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors
or as executive officers. 

 Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards
and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

 As of June 30, 2026, we had significant
net operating loss carryforwards in the U.S. Utilization of these loss carryforwards assumes that prior to their expiration, we will have
sufficient taxable income in the U.S. to utilize the carryforwards, and that such usage is not limited based on anti abuse provisions
or other statutes and laws. Any such limitations on our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax assets could
adversely impact our tax expense, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

 14 

 Confidentiality agreements with employees and
third parties may not prevent unauthorized disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information, and our inability to maintain
the confidentiality of that information, due to unauthorized disclosure or use, or other event, could have a material adverse effect on
our business. 

 In addition to the protection
afforded by patents, we seek to rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that is
not patentable or that we elect not to patent, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce, and any other elements of our product
discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information, or technology that is not covered by patents. Trade
secrets, however, may be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality
agreements with our employees, consultants, advisors, contractors and collaborators. Although we use reasonable efforts to protect our
trade secrets, our employees, consultants, advisors, contractors, and collaborators might intentionally or inadvertently disclose our
trade secret information to competitors. In addition, competitors may otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop
substantially equivalent information and techniques. Furthermore, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights
to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the United States. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting
and defending our intellectual property both in the United States and abroad. If we are unable to prevent unauthorized material disclosure
of our intellectual property to third parties, or misappropriation of our intellectual property by third parties, we will not be able
to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results
and financial condition. 

 We are heavily reliant on the services of both
Ardes Johnson, our Chief Executive Officer, Jing Nealis, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Bond, our Executive Vice President, and
the departure or loss of any officer could disrupt our business. 

 We depend heavily on the continued
efforts of Ardes Johnson, our Chief Executive Officer, Jing Nealis, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Bond, our Executive Vice President , 
who are essential to our strategic vision and day-to-day operations and would be difficult to replace. The departure or loss of any of
these officers, or the inability to timely hire and retain qualified replacements, could negatively impact our ability to manage our business. 

 If we are unable to recruit and retain key management,
technical and sales personnel, our business would be negatively affected. 

 For our business to be successful,
we need to attract and retain highly qualified technical, management and sales personnel. The failure to recruit additional key personnel
when needed with specific qualifications and on acceptable terms or to retain good relationships with our partners might impede our ability
to continue to develop, commercialize and sell our products. To the extent the demand for skilled personnel exceeds supply, we could experience
higher labor, recruiting and training costs in order to attract and retain such employees. We face competition for qualified personnel
from other companies with significantly more resources available to them and thus may not be able to attract the level of personnel needed
for our business to succeed. 

 Artificial intelligence presents risks and challenges
that can impact our business, including by posing security risks to our confidential information, proprietary information and personal
data. 

 Issues in the development and
use of artificial intelligence, combined with an uncertain regulatory environment, may result in reputational harm, liability, or other
adverse consequences to our business operations. As with many technological innovations, artificial intelligence presents risks and challenges
that could impact our business. We may adopt and integrate generative artificial intelligence tools into our systems for specific use
cases. Our vendors may incorporate generative artificial intelligence tools into their offerings without disclosing this use to us, and
the providers of these generative artificial intelligence tools may not meet existing or rapidly evolving regulatory or industry standards
with respect to privacy and data protection and may inhibit our or our vendors’ ability to maintain an adequate level of service
and experience. If we, our vendors, or our third-party partners experience an actual or perceived breach or privacy or security incident
because of the use of generative artificial intelligence, we may lose valuable intellectual property and confidential information and
our reputation and the public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed. Further, bad actors around the
world use increasingly sophisticated methods, including the use of artificial intelligence, to engage in illegal activities involving
the theft and misuse of personal information, confidential information, and intellectual property. Any of these outcomes could damage
our reputation, result in the loss of valuable property and information, and adversely impact our business. 

 15 

 Risks Related to Our Securities 

 Nevada law and provisions in our articles of
incorporation and bylaws could make a takeover proposal more difficult. 

 We are a Nevada corporation and
the anti-takeover provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from
engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder,
even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our articles of incorporation and bylaws may
discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Our articles of incorporation
and bylaws: 

 · authorize the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that could be issued by our board
of directors to thwart a takeover attempt; 

 · place restrictiv