Item 1. Business. 
 
 General 
 
 Our Company 
 
 LightPath Technologies, Inc. (“LightPath”, the “Company”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) was incorporated under Delaware law in 1992 as the successor to LightPath Technologies Limited Partnership, a New Mexico limited partnership formed in 1989, and its predecessor, Integrated Solar Technologies Corporation, a New Mexico corporation formed in 1985. Today, LightPath is a global company with facilities in the United States and the Republic of Latvia. Our corporate headquarters is located in Orlando, Florida. 
 
 Historically, we operated with a focus on optical component manufacturing, and specifically on our leadership position as a precision molded lens manufacturer for visual light applications. We expanded our addressable market with the acquisition of ISP (as defined below), a manufacturer of infrared optical components, in December 2016. Since 2020, our strategy has been to move up the value chain by producing optical assemblies, modules and simple cameras. Through acquisitions, we have continued to enhance our abilities on cameras and sensors and speed our movement up the value chain in line with our strategy of value-add infrared systems. 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 ISP and ISP Latvia 
 
 In December 2016, we acquired ISP Optics Corporation, a New York corporation (“ISP”), and its wholly-owned subsidiary, ISP Optics Latvia, SIA, a limited liability company founded in 1998 under the Laws of the Republic of Latvia (“ISP Latvia”). ISP is a vertically integrated manufacturer offering a full range of infrared products from custom infrared optical elements to catalog and high-performance lens assemblies. ISP’s manufacturing operation is located at our corporate headquarters facility in Orlando, Florida (the “Orlando Facility”). ISP Latvia is a manufacturer of high precision optics and offers a full range of infrared products, including catalog and custom infrared optics. ISP Latvia’s manufacturing facility is located in Riga, Latvia (the “Riga Facility”). 
 
 Visimid 
 
 In July 2023, we acquired Liebert Consulting, LLC, dba Visimid Technologies (“Visimid”), an engineering and design firm, specializing in thermal imaging, night vision and internet of things (“IOT”) applications. Visimid provides design and consulting services for U.S. Department of Defense (“DoD”) contractors, commercial and industrial customers, and original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) for original new products. Visimid’s core competency is developing and producing custom thermal and night vision cores. Visimid’s facility is located in Plano, Texas. 
 
 G5 Infrared 
 
 In February 2025, we acquired G5 Infrared LLC (“G5 Infrared”), a New Hampshire limited liability company. G5 Infrared is a leading vertically-integrated manufacturer of high-performance infrared camera systems and imaging solutions, specializing in advanced thermal imaging technology and long-range mission-critical detection solutions. G5 Infrared’s existing revenue and future growth pipeline are driven by established multi-year contracts and multiple defense programs of record in shipboard long-range surveillance, border security, and counter unmanned aerial systems (“C-UAS”) systems, as well as recurring federal, naval, and law enforcement programs. Additionally, G5 Infrared is an industry-leading provider of cutting-edge advanced infrared coatings, including for materials such as LightPath’s BlackDiamond TM (“BlackDiamond”) glass. G5 Infrared operates from a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Hudson, New Hampshire. We believe that this acquisition strengthens LightPath’s position as a leader in infrared imaging by expanding the Company’s portfolio to include cooled infrared cameras. The combination of LightPath and G5 Infrared creates a more robust, vertically-integrated solutions provider. 
 
 Amorphous Materials 
 
 In January 2026, we acquired the assets of Amorphous Materials, Inc. through our newly-formed, wholly-owned subsidiary, Amorphous Materials, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“AML”). AML specializes in infrared glass fabrication, and operates from a manufacturing facility in Garland, Texas. We believe that this acquisition further strengthens LightPath's position as a leader in infrared imaging by expanding our materials portfolio and glass fabrication capabilities. 
 
 LPOIZ 
 
 In February 2023, we combined the operations of our two wholly owned China subsidiaries, LightPath Optical Instrumentation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd (“LPOI”) and LightPath Optical Instrumentation (Zhenjiang) Co., Ltd. (“LPOIZ”), with LPOIZ as the surviving company. LPOIZ’s manufacturing facility (the “Zhenjiang Facility”) provided a lower cost structure for production of larger volumes of optical components and assemblies. In July 2026, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement to sell and transfer 100% of our equity interest in LPOIZ, including the Zhenjiang Facility and its operations in China, to Hengtu Optical Technology Co., Ltd., which is owned by members of LPOIZ's incumbent management team. The transaction is expected to close in September 2026. As a condition to the sale, LPOIZ agreed to continue to supply products to LightPath as a third-party vendor. 

 4

 Table of Contents 

 Industry 
 
 We and our customers support a wide range of industries, including defense, public safety, industrial, commercial, telecom, medical and more. A commonality among these industries is the use of photonics as an enabling technology in their products. 
 
 Over the last ten years we have witnessed a pivotal shift in the adoption of infrared photonics in new applications. In the early days of the technology it was a specialty application, developed by and between optical engineers and required highly specialized technical knowledge. As applications have increased and costs have decreased, adaptation and knowledge has shifted from the customer to the supplier (LightPath). This is true for industrial and commercial applications and especially true in defense applications which is where we have seen the most growth in the past few years and into the future. 
 
 The accelerated rate of adoption and highly diversified industries and applications utilizing an expanding array of photonics technologies brought a change in both the needs of the customers and the supply chain, to support those needs. In the past, we and other component suppliers mostly served customers that specialized in photonics. The large OEMs focused on component companies as a significant supply source for optical parts and minor fabrication and assemblies. OEMs typically produced their own designs and relied on their suppliers to fulfill their needs without any strategic product planning, investment or collaboration. This supply chain was fragmented and consisted of a large number of small companies, many of which had particular specialties in the fabrication process. Often times these types of activities are referred to as build-to-print, as the OEM customer would design the lens down to the final manufacturing prints and the vendor would focus on producing according to those prints. 
 
 As the industry has evolved, and sensory, visualization, and imaging capabilities have become differentiators among suppliers, there are an increasing number of customers in a myriad of industries with specialized requirements for an expanding array of products that need to be addressed. As photonics technology continues to develop, leading to broader adaptation and application across more industries, and with customers now possessing expertise in different technologies, customers’ supply chain needs have evolved. In our case, the change has created opportunities to now serve OEM customers for which photonics is only one of several technologies they embed into their products. While in the past our typical customer viewed optics as their specialty and hence they designed all aspects of their systems and outsourced only the component fabrication, this is not the case with our newer customers. Many of our current and potential customers do not wish or do not have the capability to design and build the optical portion of their products in-house. As such, the fragmented supply chain that existed in our industry in order to serve customers on the component level, is not relevant for customers that view optics as only a part of their system, and not a core capability or function. For these customers, LightPath is well positioned to become their solutions partner for their optics needs. By tapping into the domain knowledge and design, assembly and testing capabilities of solutions providers like LightPath, the customer can avoid making the large investment needed for them to develop those capabilities in-house. We refer to this ecosystem as “optical engineered solutions,” and believe we are positioned to serve as a single source, global provider of optical solutions with leading engineering and manufacturing capabilities. This has led to our development of a new strategy and organizational alignment which is further discussed below. 
 
 Growth Strategy 
 
 Since our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Sam Rubin, joined the Company in 2020, we have been developing a new strategy that will transition the Company from a pure component manufacturer to a supplier of imaging subsystems and systems. Our strategic direction, which is based on our core technological differentiators such as our BlackDiamond glass and proprietary molding technologies, significantly increases our value add to customers. Management believes this transition, which is occurring both organically and through acquisitions, such as the July 2023 acquisition of Visimid, the February 2025 acquisition of G5 Infrared and the January 2026 acquisition of AML, will position the Company for significant growth and higher profitability in coming years. These acquisitions have also added to our technological differentiators. 
 
 Understanding the shifts that are happening in the marketplace and the changes that come when a technology, like photonics, moves from being a specialty to being integrated into mainstream industries and applications, we redefined our strategic direction to provide our wide customer base with domain expertise in optics, and became their partner for the optical engine of their systems. In our view, as the use of photonics evolves, so do customer needs. The industry is transforming from a fragmented industry with a component oriented supply chain, into a solution-focused industry with the potential for partnerships for solution development and production. Over the last couple of years we have worked to align our organization to this strategy, and leverage our in-house domain expertise in photonics, knowledge and experience in advanced optical technologies, and the necessary manufacturing techniques and capabilities. We have been developing these partnerships by working closely with our customers throughout their design process, designing optical solutions that are tailored to their needs, often times using unique technologies that we own, and supplying the customer with a complete optical subsystem to be integrated into their product. Such an approach builds on our unique, value-added technologies that we currently own, such as infrared materials, optical molding, fabrication, system design, and proprietary manufacturing technologies, along with technologies that we acquired through the Visimid acquisition, such as video processing, and technologies from the G5 Infrared acquisition, such as long range imaging using cooled midwave cameras. The acquisition of AML further expanded our portfolio of infrared materials. Continually adding differentiating technologies is key to our strategy and we expect to continue to do so both organically and through acquisitions. 

 5

 Table of Contents 

 Examples of this strategic approach can be found in many of our recent new product lines. We refer to these as LightPath 2.0 and 3.0, as that symbolizes the evolution of the Company. LightPath 2.0 refers to our assemblies and LightPath 3.0 refers to our cameras and related subsystems and systems. Like any company, a successful implementation of a strategy depends heavily on differentiators. In our case, those differentiators mostly tend to be technologies and capabilities. Over the last few years we have worked to, and will continue to work to, add and evolve our differentiators. Some of our differentiators currently include our unique BlackDiamond materials, optical system design capabilities, glass molding technology, processing of thermal images, and long range imaging technologies. Examples of how those differentiators translate into revenue include our multispectral Mantis camera, our missile program with Lockheed Martin, our long range cameras for border patrol and C-UAS applications, and a number of other system and subsystem level products and programs that are enabled by these technologies. We continue to re-design products, including G5 Infrared cameras, to eliminate Germanium from the bill of materials, leveraging the advantages of our BlackDiamond materials as alternative to Germanium. 
 
 The shift in strategy and product offerings also shifts the price range of our product portfolio and indirectly drives growth in and of itself. Historically, as a pure component Company, the average selling prices (“ASPs”) of those products were measured in single dollars or tens of dollars, whereas with the development of our assemblies product line (i.e. LightPath 2.0), ASPs for those products are measured in hundreds of dollars. When we added cameras, subsystems and systems (LightPath 3.0), ASPs for those products are measured in tens of thousands, and sometimes hundreds of thousands of dollars. 
 
 Organizational Alignment 
 
 Along with the development of a new strategic direction, we are focused on the execution of a complementary strategic plan. To execute our new strategic plan, we also need, among other things, a strong manufacturing and technical organization that provides the domain expertise in photonics from the design of an optical engineered solution tailored for the customer’s needs through the manufacturing, assembly and testing of such a sub-system. Given the fast pace of advancements in photonics technologies, achieving a sustainable advantage will also depend on having unique capabilities and technologies that allow our team to design and deliver the tailored solutions demanded by customers. 
 
 LightPath today is very different than what we were five years ago, and LightPath five years from now will be very different than what we are today. An evolving organization also needs an evolving structure that is aligned with its strategy, growth and all other related changes. Additionally, we have used mergers and acquisitions as a tool to acquire technologies, teams and products, and expect to continue to do so with future acquisitions. Success of an acquisition happens not only because of a good plan, but more importantly because of a successful implementation of the plan and cultural alignment. This too leads to an ever-evolving organization and dynamic alignment of such organization. 
 
 In the first few years of our transformation our focus was on alignment of the core LightPath organization. Developing the appropriate engineering disciplines and aligning manufacturing capacity and capabilities globally, including the sunsetting of old product lines, among other changes. Once this was in place, we turned our focus to developing our differentiators. Starting from licensing from NRL, developing new BlackDiamond glasses through our first camera products in the form of Mantis, our multispectral camera, and more. Upon acquiring Visimid, we aligned the organization around the capabilities and products Visimid brought. 
 
 Acquiring G5 Infrared in February 2025 brought both new capabilities and products in the form of their long range cooled infrared cameras, and added capacity in the form of optical coating services. G5 Infrared’s operational integration with LightPath commenced soon after the acquisition. The complementary nature of the LightPath materials and optics capabilities and G5 Infrared’s system level camera quickly led the teams to start working together resulting in new products that have been announced already (such as the Germanium-free cameras) or that are in development. 
 
 The acquisition of AML in January 2026 further expanded our infrared materials portfolio and expanded our infrared glass manufacturing capabilities. 
 
 Today, the different teams across LightPath work well together and leverage each other’s capabilities in design and manufacturing. As we continue to evolve, both organically and through acquisitions, we plan to regularly review our array of capabilities and resources across the entire organization, and continuously align the organization to make best use of those. 
 
 In the longer term, we have identified capabilities and technologies that could be important differentiators, including, for example, optical detectors and active optical components such as lasers, motion systems, and more. The aggregation of such unique technologies is intended to allow us to differentiate our optical solutions and provide customers with products that are tailored exactly to their needs. 
 
 Technologies 
 
 We believe that to be the preferred partner to fulfill the photonics needs of our customers, domain expertise and differentiating technologies in photonics are key elements. Optics and photonics require multidisciplinary skills, including physics, mechanical engineering, material sciences, electrical engineering, and chemistry, among others. This is part of what makes using photonics so complicated, and at the same time part of what we see as the opportunity. Knowing what can and cannot be produced, designing the architecture and detailed design of the optical system, including electrical and mechanical interfaces, choosing and executing advanced manufacturing technologies, and delivering both the engineering prototypes that are needed, as well as producing a high volume of goods for the long-term, are all part of the domain expertise required. Additionally, to design the best solution for a customer, we not only need to know what can be produced and how to design it, we also must have unique capabilities that differentiate our solutions. Such technologies allow us to develop solutions and sub systems that outperform other solutions in size, weight, power, and cost. 

 6

 Table of Contents 

 Along those lines, we continue to focus on developing, acquiring and licensing new, innovative capabilities and technologies in all of our engineering and manufacturing groups, including systems design and testing, optical fabrication of components, material production, optical coatings, and electro mechanical design and production such as the following: 

 ● 
 Infrared Imaging Technologies. Our optical solutions strategy focuses around infrared imaging. Infrared imaging is a growing market, with technology that is evolving at a fast rate, and in which we have distinct advantages, based on our core technologies. Continually evolving and developing our technologies is key to maintaining and continuing to build and develop technical leadership, which translates to better products, which translate to creating value, and capturing value. While the basis of our infrared technology originally centered around infrared materials and optics, it has become more than that. As we evolve from a pure optics company to an integrator and solution provider, our differentiating technologies are evolving. Those differentiating technologies are often at a system or application level, rather than at the component or material level. Some of those technologies are gained through acquisitions, such as Visimid, and most recently G5 Infrared, which added advanced cooled, long-range infrared camera systems to our portfolio. G5 Infrared’s expertise in system integration, image stabilization, and ruggedized, defense-qualified platforms significantly expands our capabilities beyond uncooled solutions and imaging systems, positioning us as one of the few companies capable of addressing the full spectrum of infrared imaging applications, from compact commercial cameras to long-range defense and border security systems. 

 A key differentiator of our infrared imaging portfolio is the integration of our proprietary BlackDiamond materials into camera designs. Unlike Germanium, which is subject to severe supply chain constraints and geopolitical risks, BlackDiamond materials are U.S.-produced and globally sourced, offering secure supply and unique technical benefits such as multispectral performance and low thermo-optic coefficients. In 2025, we announced the redesign of several G5 Infrared cooled cameras, where Germanium lenses were replaced with lenses made from BlackDiamond materials. This shift not only mitigates supply chain risk for Germanium but also improves system performance, lowers thermal sensitivity, and reduces cost. Other recent examples of such system-level capabilities include our development of a novel, unique approach to shutterless imaging that we can apply to microbolometer based cameras, and development of a technology for early detection of flames and fires using a combination of optical technologies and sophisticated image processing algorithms. 

 ● 
 Optical Assemblies and Testing . When we began shifting our focus from optical components to solutions, doing more optical assemblies was a natural first step for us. During the first couple of years of implementing our new strategic direction, our team expanded our optical assemblies business and capabilities considerably. As our reputation in the assemblies space grew, so did the level of complexity of assemblies and sub-systems customers request of us. This trend was recently amplified when we began making available our new, exclusive infrared glass materials, which enable customers to design systems that far exceed the performance of existing systems using conventional materials. 

 BlackDiamond materials provide a unique advantage in our assemblies. Because these glasses are designed, produced, and integrated within LightPath, we can deliver assemblies with unmatched speed and flexibility, ensuring shorter lead times for our customers. Moreover, our ability to build assemblies that are not based on Germanium optics gives us a differentiated position in the defense and security markets, where supply chain risk and strategic sourcing are increasingly critical factors. These assemblies not only reduce reliance on foreign-controlled materials but also offer superior optical performance in multispectral and athermalized designs. Often, the new systems requested by customers require us to develop new assembly and testing capabilities. Each such new capability and technique we develop for such projects become another capability and technique we can market and offer to other customers. We expect this will create self-perpetuating development opportunities as our new capabilities and techniques bring in more business that may, again, require continuing development of new techniques. 

 ● 
 Materials . Materials play an important role in providing design flexibility and allow tradeoffs between optical performance, weight, and performance in varying conditions. Additionally, the infrared imaging industry has traditionally relied heavily on the use of Germanium and Gallium (in the form of GaAs glass), which China dominates the supply of both materials and has been restricting its export. Traditionally, infrared applications have only a small number of materials, almost all of which are crystal based, with Germanium being the most commonly used material. Over the last few years LightPath has been investing in developing and commercializing our BlackDiamond glasses (which are labeled with a “BD” prefix) as alternatives to using Germanium. Some of these materials such as BD6 and BD2, are generic, and are produced by at least two other companies. The crown jewels of our materials, the BDNL type, are exclusive to us, and the most impactful to our products and to the market as a whole in terms of technology, innovation and value creation. In December 2021 we secured an exclusive license from the U.S. government for the Chalcogenide materials that have been developed by the NRL. Following a two-year effort to transition those new materials into production, we began making available for commercial use some of those new materials, starting with the introduction of BDNL-4 in April 2024. Our BlackDiamond materials offer multiple advantages over materials, such as Germanium. It is estimated that over 60% of the global Germanium supply originates from China, with Russia historically being the second largest supplier, until the trade restrictions related to the Ukraine war. Restrictions on supply from Russia and China have increased prices of Germanium from around $1,000 per Kg a few years ago, to a price of over $6,000 per Kg today. Additionally, supply of Germanium has considerably shrunk and for most customers and applications is not available at all. 

 Our BlackDiamond materials, which are made in the USA and produced from raw ingredients available from many countries all over the globe, offer an alternative to the use of Germanium in infrared systems. Knowing that our materials are produced domestically and have a secure supply chain has been driving sales growth in our business and in particular in the defense sector. In addition to providing an alternative to the use of Germanium, the new materials we licensed exclusively from the NRL have unique technical advantages compared to traditional materials, including multispectral performance and low thermo-optic coefficients, mak