ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock or other securities involves risk. You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K when evaluating our business. Our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks, as well as additional risks and uncertainties that are not described in this Annual Report because they are not presently known to us or we currently deem them immaterial. Risks Relating to Our Business Our business is impacted by general economic conditions, and adverse economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Adverse economic conditions in the United States and globally have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Adverse economic conditions may include weakened consumer demand, persistent inflation, supply chain challenges, labor shortages, high interest rates, foreign currency exchange volatility and risk of recession. Geopolitical instability, actual and potential shifts in U.S. and foreign trade, economic and other policies, as well as other global events, have increased macroeconomic uncertainty. Depending on their duration and magnitude, these and other adverse economic conditions could continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Future economic deterioration, market disruptions, or changes to fiscal and monetary policy or trade policy, including the imposition or threatened imposition of tariffs and potential retaliatory actions, could negatively impact our business. An economic downturn or a recession, or the perception that any of these events may occur, or continued or increased economic uncertainty may also lead to increased credit risk, higher borrowing costs or reduced availability of capital and credit markets, reduced liquidity, asset impairments and adverse impacts on our suppliers and the financial institutions with whom we transact. Our sales are impacted by discretionary spending by consumers, which tend to be adversely impacted by unfavorable local, regional, national or global economic conditions. Purchases of our products may decline during periods when economic or market conditions are volatile or weak. Declines in consumer spending may result in reduced demand for our products, increased inventories, lower revenues, higher promotional activity and lower gross margins. Continued volatility in the availability and prices for commodities and raw materials we use in our products and in our supply chain could have an adverse effect on our costs, gross margins and profitability. In addition, we may be unable to access financing in the credit and capital markets at reasonable rates in the event we find it necessary or desirable to do so. Our financial performance has and may continue to be adversely impacted by inflationary pressures, which are subject to market conditions and impacted by fiscal and monetary policy as well as domestic and international trade policy, including the imposition or threatened imposition of tariffs or other trade restrictions. Inflationary pressures on the products we sell could impact our revenues and profitability, especially if we are unable to increase our retail prices to reflect increases in our costs. When levels of inflation are higher than typical, consumer confidence and spending patterns are negatively impacted, which impacts our sales and profitability. We have recently experienced significant impacts on our business and cost structure due to tariffs. We are implementing various mitigation strategies, but we may not be successful in fully offsetting the impacts of tariffs, particularly in the near term. Many of our mitigation strategies require significant lead time to implement and their effectiveness depends on factors outside our control. Our ability to mitigate cost increases through pricing is limited by competitive dynamics and consumer price sensitivity. We are unable to predict future economic conditions, the extent to which consumer behavior may be impacted by negative economic conditions, or how those trends will impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our revenue, results of operations and cash flows are sensitive to consumer confidence and spending patterns, and may be adversely affected by negative political or economic conditions, geopolitical conflicts, significant health hazards or pandemics, severe weather or other market disruptions. Our revenue, results of operations, cash flows and future growth may be adversely affected by negative local, regional, national or international political or economic trends or developments, the effects of national and international security concerns such as war, terrorism or the threat thereof, to the extent such developments reduce consumers’ ability or willingness to make discretionary purchases. Ongoing geopolitical conflicts in Europe and the Middle East, uncertainty in the global trade environment, as well as economic sanctions and other measures imposed in response thereto have created, and may continue to create, market disruption and volatility, supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures, and geopolitical instability. These events and similar events in the future could have a material adverse effect on our customers, our international partners and our third-party suppliers, and may negatively impact our international sales in stores and digital channels. 9 Table of Contents In addition, market disruptions due to natural disasters, significant health hazards, epidemics or pandemics, or other major events or the prospect of these events could also impact consumer spending and confidence levels. Similar to the disruption we experienced from the COVID-19 global pandemic, future pandemics, epidemics, disease outbreaks or other similar widespread public health concerns may disrupt our business, human capital, supply chain and production processes, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Extreme weather conditions in the areas in which our stores, corporate offices, or production and distribution facilities are located, particularly areas where we have significant production or distribution operations, could adversely affect our business. Market disruptions and adverse market conditions caused by these and other factors could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, financial condition and cash flows. Changes in trade policies and tariffs imposed by the United States government and the governments of other nations could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our operations rely on the global sourcing, manufacturing, and sale of products, and our supply chain is subject to the risks inherent in international trade, including potential changes in trade policies, increases in import duties, anti-dumping measures, quotas, safeguard measures, trade restrictions, restrictions on fund transfers, and currency fluctuations. Additionally, geopolitical instability and other geopolitical factors may further impact our ability to source and distribute products efficiently. Changes in laws or policies governing the terms of trade, and in particular increased trade restrictions, tariffs, or taxes on imports from countries where we source materials and manufacture products could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example, in recent years, both the U.S. and China have imposed new tariffs on each other related to the importation of certain product categories, including imports of apparel into the U.S. from China. Throughout 2025, the U.S. presidential administration imposed varying levels of tariffs on several countries where we source materials and manufacture products. We estimate tariffs, net of mitigation efforts, negatively impacted our operating income during fiscal 2025 by approximately $85 million and resulted in increased expenses, supply chain disruption, and uncertainty. We are closely monitoring this evolving situation and evaluating our responses, which may include shifts in sourcing strategies, price adjustments, or other cost-mitigation measures. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully mitigate the financial and competitive impacts of such tariffs or trade restrictions. At this time, the overall impact on our business related to these tariffs remains uncertain and depends on multiple factors, including the duration and potential expansion of current tariffs, future changes to tariff rates, scope, or enforcement, retaliatory measures by impacted exporting countries, inflationary effects and broader macroeconomic responses, changes to consumer purchasing behavior, and the effectiveness of our responses in managing these challenges. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down certain tariffs imposed under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (“IEEPA”). Following the Supreme Court’s decision, the U.S. administration announced a new 10% global tariff under Section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974, subject to certain exceptions. It is unclear at this time what impact these decisions will have on our results of operations, including whether we will be able to obtain refunds for amounts previously paid for the IEEPA tariffs, any changes in tariff levels, or the imposition of new tariffs through other means. If the U.S. government continues or increases existing tariffs or imposes additional tariffs on products imported from countries where we source materials or manufacture our products, or if new or additional retaliatory trade measures are taken by other countries in response to U.S. tariffs, there can be no assurance that we will be able to offset all related increased costs. This potential increase in costs and our efforts to mitigate such increase in costs could be materially adverse to our business and results of operations or harm our competitive position. We cannot predict if, and to what extent, there may be changes to international trade policies or the resulting impact of any such changes on our business and results of operations. Our future success depends in part on our ability to successfully implement our long-term strategic growth plan. We are in the process of executing a long-term strategic plan to grow our business, increase our revenue and operating income, and build long-term sustainable value for our stockholders. To support achievement of our plan, which we refer to as the Path to Potential, we are implementing a number of strategic initiatives, including initiatives focused on building a customer-centric performance culture, improving our product development processes, operating with efficiency, evolving our brand projection, how we go to market, and our customer experience, and upgrading our technologies to support speed and innovation throughout our business, especially our supply chain and merchandising functions. There can be no assurance that these or other future strategic initiatives will be successful to the extent we expect, or at all. In addition, we are investing significant resources in these initiatives and the costs of the initiatives may outweigh their benefits. We cannot give assurance that our management will be able to manage these initiatives effectively or implement them successfully. If we fail to implement our strategic plan effectively, if we invest resources in initiatives that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful, or if our competitors are more successful in implementing their strategic plans and initiatives than we are, our business and results of operation could be adversely affected. 10 Table of Contents Our net sales, operating income, cash and inventory levels fluctuate on a seasonal basis. We experience major seasonal fluctuations in our net sales and operating income, with a significant portion of our operating income typically realized during the fourth quarter holiday season. Any decrease in sales or margins during this period could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Seasonal fluctuations also affect our cash and inventory levels, since we usually order merchandise in advance of peak selling periods and sometimes before new fashion trends are confirmed by customer behavior. We typically accumulate a significant amount of inventory in the months preceding the holiday season selling period. If we are not successful in selling that inventory at desired prices, we may have to sell the inventory at significantly reduced prices or may not be able to sell the inventory at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or timely or prevent or detect fraud, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or the market price of our common stock. In accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is required to conduct an annual assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and include a report on these internal controls in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, and our independent registered public accounting firm is required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls. This process involves considerable time, attention, operating expenses and outside auditor fees, and may strain our internal resources, including accounting systems and resources. If management or our independent registered public accounting firm determines that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected. We could also become subject to investigations by the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. In addition, if our controls are not effective, our ability to prevent and detect fraud and accurately and timely report our financial position could be impaired, which could result in late filings of our annual and quarterly reports under the Exchange Act, restatements of our financial statements, a decline in our stock price, or suspension or delisting of our common stock from the NYSE. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. Changes and turnover in company leadership or other key positions may have an adverse impact on our performance. We may experience changes in our leadership structure or key leadership positions in the future. The departure of key leadership personnel could result in the loss of significant knowledge, experience and expertise. This loss of knowledge and experience can be mitigated through successful promotions, hiring and transition, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in such efforts. Attracting and retaining qualified senior leadership may be more challenging under adverse business conditions or a competitive labor market. Failure to build an effective leadership structure and team, attract and retain the right talent, or effectively manage the transition of knowledge and responsibilities resulting from such changes could affect our ability to accomplish our strategic plans and may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may be impacted by our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified associates and manage labor-related costs. We believe one of our key competitive advantages is providing a positive and engaging experience for our customers, which requires us to have highly trained and engaged associates. Our success depends in part on our ability to attract, develop and retain a sufficient number of qualified associates, including talented store personnel, designers and merchants. The turnover rate in the retail industry is generally high, and we may have difficulty hiring and retaining enough qualified individuals, especially during certain times of the year. Competition for such qualified individuals or changes in labor and employment laws could cause us to incur higher labor costs. Our inability to recruit enough qualified individuals may delay planned openings of new stores or affect the speed with which we grow. Delayed store openings, significant increases in associate turnover rates or significant increases in labor-related costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our net sales depend on a volume of traffic to our stores and the availability of suitable store locations on satisfactory terms. Most of our stores are located in retail shopping areas, including malls and other types of retail centers. Sales at these stores are derived in part from the volume of traffic in those retail areas. Our stores often rely on the ability of the retail center and other attractions in an area to generate consumer traffic in the vicinity of our stores. Sales volume and retail traffic may be adversely affected by factors that we cannot control, such as economic downturns or changes in consumer demographics in a particular area, consumer trends away from brick-and-mortar retail toward online shopping, competition from digital and other retailers and other retail areas where we do not have stores, significant health hazards or pandemics, the closing of other stores or the decline in popularity or safety in the shopping areas where our stores are located, and the deterioration in the financial condition of the operators or developers of the shopping areas in which our stores are located. 11 Table of Contents Our future growth and success depend on our ability to operate stores in desirable locations with suitable lease spaces and capital investment and lease costs providing an opportunity for us to earn a reasonable return. The market for prime retail real estate is competitive. We cannot be sure as to when or whether desirable store locations will become available to us at reasonable costs and on satisfactory lease and other terms. Some of our store locations require significant upfront capital investment and have material lease commitments. If we decide to close a store, we may remain obligated under the applicable lease for payment of the base rent for the balance of the lease term and other expenses. A dispute regarding our leases may result in litigation with the respective landlord, and any such dispute could be costly and have an uncertain outcome. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our ability to grow our business, as well as our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our success depends in part on our ability to successfully manage our store fleet. Our continued growth and success depend in part on our ability to open and operate new stores and remodel existing stores in a timely and profitable manner. Our ability to open new stores depends on a number of factors, including the ability to partner with developers and landlords to obtain suitable sites for new stores at acceptable costs, the availability and cost of materials and contractors, the hiring and training of qualified personnel and the integration of new stores into existing operations. Our ability to remodel existing stores depends on a number of factors, including the ability to partner with developers and landlords to secure satisfactory lease terms and the availability and cost of materials and contractors. There can be no assurance we will be able to successfully implement our plans regarding opening new stores and remodeling existing stores or operate our new, remodeled and existing stores profitably. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our international operations and our plans for international expansion include risks that could negatively impact our reputation and results of operations. We intend to continue to grow our international operations and expand into new international markets through partner and/or joint venture arrangements. The risks associated with operating in international markets are numerous and may lead to disruption in the overall timing or profitability of our international expansion efforts. We may experience difficulty identifying new or underpenetrated markets where our products and brands will be accepted by customers, lack of customer familiarity with our brands, our lack of familiarity with local customer preferences and new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with an established market presence. Other risks include general economic conditions in specific countries or markets, volatility in the geopolitical landscape, restrictions on the repatriation of funds held internationally, disruptions or delays in shipments, occurrence of significant health hazards or pandemics, changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, political instability and foreign governmental regulation. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our business is exposed to the risk of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations that could impact our results of operations. Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. In fiscal 2025, approximately 15% of our total net sales were derived from markets outside the U.S. We also utilize a distribution facility located in the Netherlands. Currencies other than the U.S. dollar are utilized for some of our international operations. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, our royalty arrangements are calculated based on sales in local currency, which exposes us to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. From time to time, we use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge certain foreign currency risks; however, these measures may not succeed in offsetting all of the short-term impacts of foreign currency rate movements on our business and results of operations. For example, hedging would generally not be effective in offsetting the long-term impact of sustained shifts in foreign exchange rates on our business results. As a result, the fluctuation in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our licensees, franchisees, wholesalers, and joint venture partners could take actions or omissions that could harm our reputation and results of operations. We have global representation through independently owned stores operated by our third-party partners. Although we have criteria to evaluate and select prospective partners, the level of control we can exercise over our partners is limited, and the quality and success of their operations is subject to risks and other factors beyond our control. For example, our partners may not have the business acumen, experience or financial resources necessary to successfully operate stores in a manner consistent with our standards and may not hire and train qualified store managers and other personnel. Further, we have limited control as to whether our partners comply with federal and local law. The image and value of our brands and our reputation may suffer materially if our partners do not operate successfully, ethically, and in compliance with applicable law. These risks could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 12 Table of Contents Our direct channel business is subject to risks that could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In fiscal 2025, approximately 31% of our total net revenue was derived from our digital channels, including our websites and mobile applications. Our ability to successfully operate and grow our digital operations is subject to numerous risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Risks inherent in our digital operations include the difficulty in recreating our unique in-store experience through our direct channels; domestic or international resellers purchasing merchandise and reselling it outside our control; our ability to anticipate and implement innovations in technology and logistics in order to appeal to existing and prospective customers who increasingly rely on multiple channels to meet their shopping needs; our ability to anticipate and respond to shifts in customer preference and demand; and the failure of and risks related to the systems that operate our digital infrastructure, websites and the related support systems, including cybersecurity incidents, computer viruses, theft of customer information, privacy concerns, telecommunication failures and similar disruptions. Disruptions and other factors that impact our ability to maintain efficient and uninterrupted order-taking and fulfillment operations could also have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The satisfaction of our online customers depends on their timely receipt of merchandise. Difficulties with our distribution facilities, including if the facilities were to shut down for any reason, such as natural disaster, severe weather or labor stoppage, may materially disrupt our operations. Supply chain or product transportation challenges have caused and could continue to cause us to incur higher costs and longer lead times associated with distributing products to our customers. Any of these issues could cause customer dissatisfaction, reduced sales and profitability and have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses and realize the benefits and synergies sought with such acquisitions. We may, from time to time, evaluate and pursue acquisitions and other strategic investments. These activities involve various risks that could result in unanticipated or increased liabilities and contingencies and hinder our ability to achieve expected benefits. With respect to any acquired company, we may fail to realize the expected benefits and synergies for a variety of reasons, including: • failure to successfully manage relationships with customers, distributors and suppliers; • failure of the acquired company’s customers to continue as customers of the combined company; • integration may be more costly, time-consuming or less effective than anticipated; • the loss of key employees; and • failure to combine product offerings and purchase experiences efficiently and effectively. Further, integration efforts could disrupt both companies’ existing operations and divert management’s attention and resources. If we experience difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, including anticipated sales and growth opportunities, may not be realized fully, or at all, and may take longer to realize than expected. Acquisitions or other strategic investments may not create value and may harm our brands and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, decrease or delay the accretive effect of the acquisition, and negatively impact the price of our common stock. 13 Table of Contents If we are unable to incorporate artificial intelligence and other emerging technological applications into our business operations successfully and ethically, our business, reputation and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our long-term strategic growth plan and strategic initiatives include investments in information technology, data science and artificial intelligence (“AI”). The use of AI and similar technologies presents risks, challenges and ethical issues that could adversely affect our business. Generative, agentic, and other AI technologies may have flaws and be prone to cybersecurity incidents or service interruptions. Data sets used by AI or similar technologies may be overbroad, insufficient or contain biased information. AI or similar technologies may generate biased, offensive, illegal, inaccurate or otherwise harmful content. If the work product that AI or similar technological applications assist in producing is deficient, inaccurate or misleading, we could be subject to competitive harm, legal liability, regulatory action, and brand or reputational harm. Use of AI and similar technologies by our associates could increase the risk of exposure of confidential or competitively sensitive information. Privacy concerns and risks related to intellectual property rights of inputs into the program and AI work product are also present. There is uncertainty regarding evolving laws and regulations at the federal, state and international levels regarding AI and other emerging technological applications. If we enable or offer AI solutions or other technologies that have unintended consequences, unintended usage or customization by our associates, customers or partners, or are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, security, employment, or other social, economic or political issues, we may experience reputational harm, regulatory action and legal liability. Further, we may be unable to quickly and successfully execute our AI and other technological initiatives, adapt to rapid change resulting from advancements in AI and similar technology, or our competitors may have more success implementing and utilizing such technology than we do. Any of these risks could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations. Our ability to protect our reputation could have a material effect on the image and value of our brands. Our ability to protect and elevate our reputation is critical to the image and value of our brands. Our reputation could be jeopardized if we fail to maintain high standards for merchandise quality and corporate integrity. Negative publicity, including information publicized through traditional media or social media platforms, blogs, websites and other forums, may negatively impact our reputation and brand image and, consequently, reduce demand for our merchandise, even if such information is unverified or inaccurate. Failure to comply, or the perception that we have failed to comply, with ethical, social, product, labor, privacy and environmental standards, or related political sentiment, could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions, including boycotts. Unfavorable ratings or assessments by organizations that evaluate companies on their approach to environmental, social and governance matters may also negatively affect our reputation and the perception of our brands. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, maintain an effective system of internal controls, provide accurate and timely financial statement disclosure and maintain the security of customer, associate, third-party and Company information could also hurt our reputation. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. If our marketing, advertising and promotional programs and events are unsuccessful, or if our competitors are more effective with their programs than we are, our revenue or results of operations may be adversely affected. Customer traffic and demand for our merchandise are influenced by our advertising, marketing and promotional activities, including flagship events like the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show, and the name recognition and reputation of our brands. We use marketing, advertising and promotional programs to attract customers through various media, including social media, influencers, websites, mobile applications, email and television. If our competitors are more effective with their programs than we are, expend more resources for their programs than we do, or use different approaches than we do, that may provide them with a competitive advantage. Our programs and events may not be successful, effective or could require increased expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to adequately maintain, enforce and protect our intellectual property rights could have an impact on the image and value of our brands, our competitive position, business operations, and our ability to successfully enter new markets. We believe that our intellectual property rights, including trade names, trademarks, copyrights, patents and proprietary information, are important assets and an essential element of our strategy. Our ability to maintain, enforce, and protect our intellectual property rights is critical to the image and value of our brands, our competitive position, and our business operations, especially with respect to expanding into new markets and innovative new products. We routinely seek and obtain intellectual property protection in the U.S. and in many foreign jurisdictions. However, there can be no assurance that applications or registrations will be granted, that registrations will provide adequate protection, or that they will prevent imitation, infringement or other unauthorized use. In certain countries, intellectual property laws may offer weaker protection than in the U.S. Counterfeiting, piracy, or unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties could adversely affect our revenue, dilute the value of our brands, and harm our competitive position and results of operations. 14 Table of Contents Third parties may challenge our rights, assert ownership of similar trademarks or other intellectual property, or claim that we infringe or misappropriate their intellectual property rights. These disputes may lead to unfavorable outcomes, including costly litigation, licensing obligations, royalty payments, settlements, damages, injunctions, or the need to rebrand or discontinue our products. Further, the rapid pace of technological innovation may diminish the value or relevance of certain intellectual property. Any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. Our ability to compete favorably in our highly competitive segment of the retail industry could impact our results. The retail industry is highly competitive, especially with respect to the intimates, apparel and beauty markets. We compete for sales with a broad range of other retailers, including individual and chain specialty stores, department stores and discount retailers. In addition to the traditional store-based retailers, we also compete with direct marketers and retailers that sell similar merchandise and target customers through digital channels. Brand image, marketing, design, price, service, assortment, quality, image presentation and fulfillment are all competitive factors in both the store-based and digital channels. Some of our competitors may have greater financial, marketing and other resources available to them or use their resources more effectively. Trends across our product categories may favor our competitors, including the shift in customer preference to digital and omnichannel shopping. We rely to a greater degree than some of our competitors on physical locations in shopping malls and retail centers, so declines in traffic to such locations may affect us more significantly than our competitors. Some of our competitors sell their products in stores that are located in the same shopping malls and retail centers as our stores. In addition to competing for sales, we compete for favorable store locations and lease terms. Increased competition or declines in mall or online website traffic could result in reduced sales, increased promotional activity, increased marketing expenditures, and loss of pricing power and market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our ability to manage the life cycle of our brands and to remain current with fashion trends and launch new merchandise and product lines successfully could impact the image and value of our brands. Our success depends in part on our ability to effectively manage the life cycle of our brands and to anticipate and respond to changing fashion preferences and consumer demands and to translate market trends into attractive, salable product offerings in a timely and effective manner. We are dependent on certain product categories, including bras, panties and other intimates products, and a decline in consumer demand in these product categories could negatively affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may choose to launch new product categories or brands, and our ability to successfully introduce new merchandise, product lines, and brands will impact our results of operations and the image and value of our brands. Customer demands and fashion trends change rapidly. If we are unable to successfully anticipate, identify and react to changing styles or trends or we misjudge the market for our products or any new product lines or brands, our sales may decrease, potentially resulting in significant amounts of unsold inventory. In response, we may be forced to increase our marketing and promotional activity. These risks could have a material adverse effect on the value of our brands and our reputation as well as our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may be impacted by our ability to adequately source materials and produce, distribute and sell merchandise on a global basis. We source materials and produce merchandise within the U.S. and internationally. We distribute merchandise globally to our partners, stores and customers in approximately 70 countries. Many of our imports and exports are subject to a variety of customs regulations and international trade arrangements, including existing or potential increases in or new duties, tariffs or safeguard quotas. We also compete with other companies for production facilities. We face a variety of risks associated with doing business on a global basis. For example: • political instability, wars and geopolitical conflicts, environmental hazards or natural disasters, which could negatively affect international economies, U.S. and global trade policy, financial markets, supply chain operations and business activity; • significant health hazards, epidemics or pandemics, which could result in closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials, and scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in affected areas; • imposition or threatened imposition of new or increased trade duties, sanctions, tariffs or taxes and other charges on imports or exports; • evolving, new or complex legal and regulatory matters; • volatility in currency exchange rates and interest rates; • local business practice and political issues, including issues relating to compliance with domestic or international labor standards, which may result in adverse publicity or threatened or actual adverse consumer actions, including boycotts; 15 Table of Contents • delays or disruptions in shipping and transportation and related pricing impacts; • disruption due to labor disputes; and • changing expectations regarding product safety due to new legislation or other factors. We also rely on third-party transportation providers for substantially all of our product shipments, including shipments to and from our distribution centers, to our stores and to our customers. Our utilization of these delivery services is subject to risks, including increases in labor costs and fuel prices, which may increase our shipping costs, and associate strikes and inclement weather, which may impact our transportation providers’ ability to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs. Further, the growth in demand for online shopping has led to increased pressure on the capacity of our fulfillment network. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We rely on a number of production and distribution facilities located in the same vicinity, making our business susceptible to local and regional disruptions or adverse conditions. A significant portion of our intimates and apparel products are produced in Southeast Asia. In addition, most of the production and distribution of our beauty products occurs in close proximity to our headquarters in central Ohio. Due to the geographic concentration of our production and distribution facilities, our operations are susceptible to local and regional factors, such as accidents, system failures, economic conditions, extreme weather and natural disasters, demographic and population changes, and other unforeseen or uncontrollable events and circumstances. Any significant interruption or adverse impact to the operations of these facilities could lead to inventory shortages, supply chain or ful