Item 1A. Risk Factors. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information in this Annual Report, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our Company and our business. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry An overall decline in economic activity could adversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of our business. The results of our business are generally affected by the level of business activity of our clients, which in turn is affected by the level of economic activity in the industries, markets and regions these clients serve. The level of economic activity may be affected by unforeseen events, such as adverse weather conditions, natural disasters (including those as a result of climate change), catastrophic events, war (including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine), terrorism or public health conditions. Additionally, substantial changes to trade (including the imposition of tariffs or trade disputes), inflation rates, interest rates, currency exchange rates, monetary and fiscal policies, political conditions, employment rates (including as a result of an increasingly competitive job market), limitations on a government's spending and/or ability to issue debt, and constriction and volatility in the credit markets, may occur and would affect our business. Economic downturns in some markets, or challenging financial markets and increased funding costs, may cause reductions in technology and discretionary spending by our clients, which may result in reductions in the growth of new business as well as reductions in existing business. If our clients become financially less stable, enter bankruptcy, liquidate their operations or consolidate, our revenues and/or collectability of receivables could be adversely affected. Our contracts also depend upon the number of our clients’ employees or the number of participants in our clients’ employee benefit plans. If our clients become financially less stable, change their staffing models, enter bankruptcy, liquidate their operations or consolidate, that could result in layoffs or other reductions in the number of participants in our clients’ employee benefit plans. We may also experience decreased demand for our services as a result of postponed or terminated outsourcing of human resource (“HR”) functions. Reduced demand for our services could increase price competition and have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We face significant competition and our failure to compete successfully could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of our business. Our competitors may have greater resources, larger client bases, greater name recognition, stronger presence in certain geographies and more established relationships with their clients and suppliers than we have. In addition, new competitors, alliances among competitors or mergers of competitors could result in our competitors gaining significant 9 market share and some of our competitors may have or may develop a lower cost structure, adopt more aggressive pricing policies or provide services that gain greater market acceptance than the services that we offer or develop. Large and well-capitalized competitors may be able to respond to the need for technological changes (including the implementation of AI and ML) and innovate faster, or price their services more aggressively. They may also compete for skilled professionals, finance acquisitions, fund internal growth and compete for market share more effectively than we do. If we are unable to compete successfully, we could lose market share and clients to competitors, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. To respond to increased competition and pricing pressure, we may have to lower the cost of our solutions or decrease the level of service provided to clients, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. If we are unable to successfully execute the next phase of our strategic transformation, including our ability to effectively and appropriately separate the Divested Business, we may experience operational disruptions, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. On July 12, 2024, the Company completed the Divestiture of Alight’s Professional Services segment and Alight’s Payroll & HCM Outsourcing business within the Employer Solutions segment. Completing the Divestiture was a pivotal stage in our transformation as a technology-enabled services company with a renewed focus on employee wellbeing and benefits. Our strategic transformation has also entailed other initiatives, such as revised capital allocation priorities and changes among our management team. Implementing the Divestiture and the other changes required to effectuate our strategic transformation can be complex, costly and time-consuming and may also result in unanticipated issues, such as additional expenses, competitive responses, employee turnover or impact on our commercial relationships. Even if such initiatives are implemented successfully, the full benefits may not be realized within the desired timeframe or at all. As a result of the Divestiture, the Company’s diversification of revenue sources diminished, and the Company’s results of operations, cash flows, working capital and financing requirements may be subject to increased volatility and greater risk as a result of the concentration of its business. The failure to meet the challenges involved in implementing our go-forward business after the Divestiture and the other aspects of our strategic transformation could result in a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, pursuant to the Divestiture, we entered into an agreement whereby we have begun to provide various transition services to the buyer of the Divested Business for specified periods. In the course of performing our obligations under such agreement, we will continue to allocate certain of our resources, including assets, equipment and the time and attention of our management and other teammates, for the benefit of the Divested Business and not ours, which may negatively impact our financial condition or results of operations. A portion of the consideration received for the sale of the Divested business is contingent on the financial performance of the Divested Business. If the Divested Business does not meet certain performance metrics for the 2025 fiscal year, we will receive less consideration in the future than may have been or may currently be projected by fair value measurements. See Note 4 “Discontinued Operations” within the Consolidated Financial Statements within Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information on the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration. If the Divested Business is not successfully separated, or if we experience delays or disputes during the process of separation, investor confidence could decline. Any such delays or disputes may result in negative publicity, protracted litigation, may affect our relationships with our clients and other business partners and may cause us to incur significant costs, including legal fees, advisor fees and other related costs, without any commensurate benefit. Accordingly, if the Divested Business is not separated successfully, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to effectively apply technology in driving value for our clients or gaining internal efficiencies, or if investments in innovative product offerings fail to yield sufficient return to cover their costs. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and implement new or revised solutions that anticipate and keep pace with rapid and continuing changes in technology, industry standards and client preferences, including adoption and use of AI and ML. We may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments on a timely and cost-effective basis, and our ideas may not be accepted in the marketplace. Additionally, the effort to gain technological expertise and develop new technologies requires us to incur significant expenses. If we cannot offer new technologies as quickly as our competitors or if our competitors develop more cost-effective technologies, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to obtain and complete client engagements. Innovations in software, cloud computing or other technologies such as AI and ML that alter how our services are delivered could significantly undermine our investments in our business if we are slow or unable to take advantage of these developments or experience any unanticipated consequences from the deployment of such technologies. 10 We are continually developing and investing in innovative and novel service offerings, which we believe will address needs that we identify in the markets. In some cases, these new offerings may require new or unique pricing structures, which may include performance guarantees or fees at risk that differ significantly from our historical practices. These initiatives carry the risks associated with any new solution development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and implementation and performance issues. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing, marketing and selling new solutions or enhancements that meet these changing demands, that we will not experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, implementation, introduction and marketing of these solutions or enhancements, or that our new solutions and enhancements will adequately meet the demands for the marketplace and achieve market acceptance. Any of these developments could have an adverse impact on our future revenue and/or business prospects. Nevertheless, for those efforts to produce meaningful value, we are reliant on a number of other factors, some of which are outside of our control, to deem them suitable, and whether those parties will find them suitable will be subject to their own particular circumstances. Issues relating to the use of new and evolving technologies, such as Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, in our offerings may result in reputational harm and liability. A quickly evolving social, legal and regulatory environment may cause us to incur increased operational and compliance costs, including increased research and development costs, or divert resources from other development efforts, to address potential issues related to usage of AI and ML. We are increasingly building AI and ML into many of our offerings including in our generative AI-enhanced Search and Chat functions for Alight Worklife as well as our intelligent document processing tools. As with many cutting-edge innovations, AI and ML present new risks and challenges, and existing laws and regulations may apply to us in new ways, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. The risks and challenges presented by AI and ML could undermine public confidence in AI and ML, which could slow its adoption and affect our business. We incorporate AI and ML into our offerings for use cases that could potentially impact civil, privacy, or employment benefit rights. Failure to adequately address issues that may arise with such use cases could negatively affect the adoption of our solutions and subject us to reputational harm, regulatory action, or legal liability, which may harm our financial condition and operating results. Potential government regulation related to AI, including relating to ethics and social responsibility, may also increase the burden and cost of compliance and research and development. Employees, clients, or clients’ employees who are dissatisfied with our public statements, policies, practices, or solutions related to the development and use of AI and ML may express opinions that could introduce reputational or business harm, or legal liability. We may not achieve our financial projections, which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. We typically provide financial projections such as our expected revenue growth and profitability. These financial projections are based on management’s assumptions and expectations at a point in time. Failure to achieve our financial projections have in the past and could in the future have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and the market price of shares of our Class A Common Stock. Our ability to forecast our future operating results is subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and uncertainties in our business. If our assumptions regarding these uncertainties, which we use to plan our business, are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in our markets or other events, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from expectations, and our business and the market price of shares of our Class A Common Stock could be materially adversely affected. We rely on complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business. Any significant system or network disruption could expose us to legal liability, impair our reputation or have a negative impact on our operations, sales and operating results and could expose us to litigation and negatively impact our relationships with clients. We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems, and networks and data centers, some of which are outsourced to third-party providers, including cloud infrastructure service providers such as Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure Cloud. We do not have control over the operations of such third parties. We also may decide to employ additional offsite data centers in the future to accommodate growth. Problems faced by our data center locations, with the telecommunications network providers with whom we or they contract, or with the systems by which our telecommunications providers allocate capacity among their clients, including us, could adversely affect, and in some instances have adversely affected, the availability and processing of our solutions and related services and the experience of our clients. If our data centers are unable to keep up with our growing needs for capacity, this could have an adverse effect on our business and cause us to incur additional expense. In addition, any financial difficulties faced by our third-party data center’s operator or any of the service providers with whom we or they contract may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. These facilities 11 are vulnerable to damage or interruption from catastrophic events, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, cyber security attacks (including "ransomware" and phishing attacks), terrorist attacks, power losses, telecommunications failures and similar events. The risk of cyber-attacks could be exacerbated by geopolitical tensions, including the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, or other hostile actions taken by nation-states and terrorist organizations. While we have adopted, and continue to enhance, business continuity and disaster recovery plans and strategies, there is no guarantee that such plans and strategies will be effective, which could interrupt the functionality of our information technology systems or those of third parties. The occurrence of a natural disaster (or other extreme weather as a result of climate change or otherwise) or an act of terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in our services and solutions. The facilities also could be subject to break-ins, computer viruses, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and other misconduct. Any errors, failures, interruptions or delays experienced in connection with these third-party technologies and information services, or our own systems could negatively impact our relationships with clients and adversely affect our business and could expose us to third-party liabilities. Any errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems with our information technology systems including any changes in service levels at our third-party data center could adversely affect our reputation and may damage our clients’ stored files or result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Interruptions in our services might reduce our revenues, subject us to potential liability or other expenses or adversely affect our renewal rates. In relation to our third-party data centers, while we may own, control and have access to our servers and all of the components of our network that are located in these centers, we do not control the operation of these facilities. The operators of our third-party data center facilities have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, or if the data center operators are acquired, we may be required to transfer our servers and other infrastructure to new data center facilities, and we may incur costs and experience service interruption in doing so. Improper access to, misappropriation, destruction or disclosure of confidential, personal or proprietary data as a result of employee or vendor malfeasance or cyber-attacks could result in financial loss, regulatory scrutiny, legal liability or harm to our reputation. One of our significant responsibilities is to maintain the security, including cybersecurity, and privacy of our employees’ and clients’ confidential and proprietary information and confidential information about our clients’ employees’ health, financial and wellbeing information and other personally identifiable information. However, all information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including but not limited to cyber-attacks, computer viruses, malware, hacking, fraudulent use attempts, “ransomware” and phishing attacks and security breaches. Our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats such as improper action by employees, vendors and other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. Despite our efforts, from time-to-time, we and our third-party vendors experience attacks and other cyber-threats to our systems and networks and have from time-to-time experienced cyber security incidents such as computer viruses, unauthorized parties gaining access to our information technology systems and similar matters, which to date have not had a material impact on our business. These attacks can seek to exploit, among other things, known or unknown vulnerabilities in technology included in our information systems or those of third-party providers. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly changing and becoming increasingly more sophisticated and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we or our third-party providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement sufficient preventative measures. If we, or our third-party providers, are unable to efficiently manage the vulnerability of our systems and effectively maintain and upgrade our system safeguards, we may incur unexpected costs and certain of our systems may become more vulnerable to unauthorized access. For example, there has been a stark increase in new financial fraud schemes akin to ransomware attacks on large companies whereby a cybercriminal installs a type of malicious software, or malware, that prevents a user or enterprise from accessing computer files, systems, or networks and demands payment of a ransom for their return. Cyber criminals may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, clients or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our clients or users. In addition, while we have certain standards for all vendors that provide us services, our vendors, and in turn, their own service providers, have experienced and in the future may continue to become subject to the same types of security breaches. In the future, these types of incidents could result in intellectual property or other confidential information being lost or stolen, including client, employee or business data. In addition, we may not be able to detect breaches in our information technology systems or assess the severity or impact of a breach in a timely manner. We have implemented various measures to manage our risks related to system and network security and disruptions. Nevertheless, an actual or perceived security breach, a failure to make adequate disclosures to the public or law enforcement agencies following any such event or a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients, adversely impact our operations, 12 sales and operating results and require us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve such issues. We maintain policies, procedures and technological safeguards designed to protect the security and privacy of this information. These include, for example, the appropriate encryption of information, the use of anti-virus, anti-malware and other protections. Nonetheless, we cannot eliminate the risk of human error or inadequate safeguards against employee or vendor malfeasance or cyber-attacks that could result in improper access to, misappropriation, destruction or disclosure of confidential, personal or proprietary information and we may not become aware in a timely manner of any such security breach. Such unauthorized access, misappropriation, destruction or disclosure could result in the loss of revenue, reputational damage, indemnity obligations, damages for contract breach, civil and criminal penalties for violation of applicable laws, regulations or contractual obligations, and significant costs, fees and other monetary payments for remediation. Furthermore, our clients may be reluctant to continue our services delivered through our information technology systems and networks following an actual or perceived security breach due to concerns regarding transaction security, user privacy, the reliability and quality of internet service and other reasons. The release of confidential information as a result of a security breach could also lead to litigation or other proceedings against us by affected individuals or business partners, or by regulators, and the outcome of such proceedings, which could include penalties or fines, could have a significant negative impact on our business. Additionally, in order to maintain the level of security, service and reliability that our clients require, we may be required to make significant additional investments in technology and our methods of delivering services. In many jurisdictions, including North America and the European Union, we are subject to laws and regulations relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of information including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended (“HIPAA”) and the HIPAA regulations governing, among other things, the privacy, security and electronic transmission of individually identifiable protected health information, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) and the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). California also enacted legislation, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and the related California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), that afford California residents expanded privacy protections and a private right of action for security breaches affecting their personal information. Over a dozen U.S. states have similarly enacted comprehensive privacy laws and these laws emulate the CCPA and CPRA in many respects. We anticipate federal and state regulators to continue to consider and enact regulatory oversight initiatives and legislation related to privacy and cybersecurity. These and other similar laws and regulations are frequently emerging and changing in addition to becoming increasingly complex and sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries in which we provide services both in terms of substance and in terms of enforceability. This makes compliance challenging and expensive. Our failure to adhere to or successfully implement processes in response to changing regulatory requirements in this area could result in legal liability and damage to our reputation in the marketplace. Further, regulatory initiatives in the area of data protection frequently include provisions allowing authorities to impose substantial fines and penalties, and therefore, failure to comply could also have a significant financial impact. Our business or stock price could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist stockholders. Our Board of Directors and management value constructive input from our stockholders and are committed to acting in the best interests of all our stockholders. However, we may be subject to actions or proposals from stockholders or others that may not align with the Company’s business strategies or the interests of our other stockholders. During fiscal year 2024, a stockholder activist nominated four directors to our board of directors, which resulted in the incurrence of unexpected costs and a diversion of time and resources. If faced with a proxy contest or other potential actions by activist stockholders in the future, responding to these actions could be costly and time-consuming, disrupt the Company's operations and divert the attention of our Board of Directors, management and employees. In addition, activist stockholder initiatives could result in perceived uncertainties as to the Company’s future direction, strategy or leadership, which may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, harm our ability to attract new investors, customers, employees and other strategic partners and cause our stock price to experience periods of volatility. We rely on assumptions and estimates to calculate certain of our reported measures, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such measures may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. Certain of the measures we disclose publicly, which could include our “annual recurring revenue,” “revenue under contract” and “bookings” measures, are calculated using metrics tracked by our internal teams. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable calculations for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in deriving contract-based measures and our measure may differ from similar terms used by other companies. For example, an engagement accounted for in calculating one of these measures could abruptly end for reasons out of our 13 control. If we determine that we can no longer calculate these metrics with a sufficient degree of accuracy, and we cannot find an adequate replacement for the metric, our business or revenue may be harmed. In addition, if investors do not perceive our metrics to be accurate representations of our business prospects, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics, our reputation may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Compliance with laws and regulations applicable to us or to the HR benefits that we administer for our clients including changes in such laws and regulations, their application and their interpretation, could have an adverse effect on our business. Our business is subject to extensive legal and regulatory oversight throughout the world including a variety of laws, rules, and regulations addressing, among other things, licensing, data privacy and protection, wage and hour standards, employment and labor relations, occupational health and safety, environmental matters, anti-competition, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, language requirements, economic sanctions, currency, reserves and government contracting. This legal and regulatory oversight could reduce our profitability or limit our growth by increasing the costs of legal and regulatory compliance; by limiting or restricting the products or services we sell, the markets we enter, the methods by which we sell our services, the prices we can charge for our services, and the form of compensation we can accept from our clients and third parties; or by subjecting our business to the possibility of legal and regulatory actions or proceedings. The global nature of our operations increases the complexity and cost of compliance with laws and regulations, including training and employee expenses, adding to our cost of doing business. In addition, many of these laws and regulations may have differing or conflicting legal standards across jurisdictions, increasing further the complexity and cost of compliance. In emerging markets and other jurisdictions with less developed legal systems, local laws and regulations may not be established with sufficiently clear and reliable guidance to provide us adequate assurance that we are operating our business in a compliant manner with all required licenses or that our rights are otherwise protected. In addition, certain laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws in other jurisdictions in which we operate, could impact our operations outside of the legislating country by imposing requirements for the conduct of overseas operations, and in a number of cases, requiring compliance by foreign subsidiaries. We are also subject to economic and trade sanctions programs, including those administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), which prohibit or restrict transactions or dealings with specified countries, their governments, and in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially designated. Our employees, consultants or agents may still take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible, or our policies and procedures may be inadequate or may be determined to be inadequate by regulators. Any violations of applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions or anti-money laundering laws or regulations could limit certain of our business activities until they are satisfactorily remediated and could result in civil and criminal penalties, including fines that could damage our reputation and have a materially adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. The complexity of the laws and regulations themselves, the development of new laws and regulations, changes in application or interpretation of laws and regulations and our continued operational changes and development into new jurisdictions and new service offerings also increases our legal and regulatory compliance complexity as well as the type of governmental oversight to which we may be subject. These changes in laws and regulations could mandate significant and costly changes to the way we implement our services and solutions or could impose additional licensure requirements or costs to our operations and services, or limit our ability to mitigate risk. In addition, new regulatory or industry developments could create an increase in competition that could adversely affect us. These potential developments include: • changes in regulations relating to health and welfare plans including potential challenges or changes to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, expansion of government-sponsored coverage through Medicare or the creation of a single payer system, or changes to the employee tax exclusion and/or employer deduction for employer-provided healthcare benefits; • changes in regulations relating to defined contribution, defined benefit plans, and Individual Retirement Accounts (“IRAs”), including retirement plan and pension reform that could decrease the attractiveness of certain of our retirement products and services to retirement plan sponsors and administrators or have an unfavorable effect on our ability to earn revenues from these products and services; 14 • additional requirements respecting data privacy and data usage in jurisdictions in which we operate that may increase our costs of compliance and potentially reduce the manner in which data can be used by us to develop or further our product offerings; • changes in regulations relating to fiduciary rules; • changes in federal or state regulations relating to marketing and sale of Medicare plans, Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug plans; • changes to regulations of producers, brokers, agents or third-party administrators such as the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021, that may alter operational costs, the manner in which we market or are compensated for certain services or other aspects of our business; • changes to, or new, federal, state or provincial regulations relating to leave of absence programs or short-term or long-term disability plans, which could create more difficult and complex delivery requirements for our business leading to increased operational costs or increased enforcement and litigation for potential violations, including greater penalties for administrative errors; and • additional regulations or revisions to existing regulations promulgated by other regulatory bodies in jurisdictions in which we operate. For example, there have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals and executive actions at the federal and state levels directed at addressing the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. Although we cannot predict the ultimate content or timing of any healthcare reform legislation or executive action, potential changes resulting from any amendment, repeal or replacement of these programs, including any reduction in the future availability of healthcare insurance benefits, could adversely affect our business and future results of operations. Further, the federal government from time to time considers retirement plan and pension reform legislation, which could negatively impact our sales of defined benefit or defined contribution plan products and services and cause sponsors to discontinue existing plans for which we provide administrative or other services. Certain tax-favored savings initiatives that have been proposed could hinder sales and persistency of our products and services that support employment-based retirement plans. Our services are also the subject of ever-evolving government regulation, either because the services provided to or business conducted by our clients are regulated directly or because third parties upon whom we rely to provide services to our clients are regulated, thereby indirectly impacting the manner in which we provide services to those clients. Changes in laws, government regulations or the way those regulations are interpreted in the jurisdictions in which we operate could affect the viability, value, use or delivery of benefits and HR programs, including changes in regulations relating to health and welfare plans (such as medical), defined contribution plans (such as 401(k)), or defined benefit plans (such as retirement plans or pensions) or IRAs, may adversely affect the demand for, or profitability of, our services. In addition, as we, and the third parties upon whom we rely, implement and expand direct-to-consumer sales and marketing solutions, we are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations that prescribe when and how we may market to consumers (including, without limitation, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (the “TCPA”) and other telemarketing laws and the Medicare Communications and Marketing Guidelines issued by the Center for Medicare Services of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Service). The TCPA provides for private rights of action and potential statutory damages for each violation and additional penalties for each willful violation. We have in the past and may in the future become subject to claims that we have violated the TCPA and/or other telemarketing laws. Changes to these laws could negatively affect our ability to market directly to consumers or increase our costs or liabilities. We are subject to professional liability claims against us as well as other contingencies and legal proceedings relating to our delivery of services, some of which, if determined unfavorably to us, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We assist our clients with outsourcing various HR functions. Third parties may allege that we are liable for damages arising from these services in professional liability claims against us. Such claims could include, for example, the failure of our employees or sub-agents, whether negligently or intentionally, to correctly execute transactions. It is not always possible to prevent and detect errors and omissions, and the precautions we take may not be effective in all cases. In addition, we are or may be subject to other types of claims, litigation and other proceedings in the ordinary course of business. Claimants may seek damages, including punitive damages, in amounts that could, if awarded, have a material adverse impact on our financial position, earnings and cash flows. In addition to potential liability for monetary damages, such claims or outcomes could harm our reputation or divert management resources away from operating our business. While we maintain insurance to cover various aspects of professional liability and other claims, such coverage may not be adequate or applicable for certain claims or in the event of an adverse outcome related to such claims. In such 15 circumstances, we would be responsible for payment of amounts that are not covered by insurance and that could have a material adverse impact on our business. In some cases, due to other business considerations, we may elect to pay or settle professional liability or other claims even where we may not be contractually or legally obligated to do so. Accruals for exposures, and related insurance receivables, when applicable to us, have been provided to the extent that losses are deemed probable and are reasonably estimable. These accruals and receivables are adjusted from time to time as developments warrant and may also be adversely affected by disputes we may have with our insurers over coverage. Amounts related to our settlement provisions are recorded in other general expenses in our statements of income. The ultimate outcome of these claims, lawsuits and other proceedings cannot be ascertained, and liabilities in indeterminate amounts may be imposed on us. It is possible that our future results of operations or cash flows for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by an unfavorable disposition of these matters. We may become involved in claims, litigation or other proceedings that could harm the value of our business. We are subject to, and may become a party to, various claims, lawsuits or other proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Our business is subject to the risk of litigation or other proceedings involving current and former employees, clients, partners, suppliers, shareholders or others. For example, participants in our clients’ benefit plans could claim, and have claimed, that we did not adequately protect their data or secure access to their accounts. Regardless of the merits of the claims, the cost to defend these claims may be significant, and such matters can be time-consuming and divert management’s attention and resources. The outcomes of such matters in the ordinary course of our business are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements could have a material adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. In addition, we may become subject to future lawsuits, claims, audits and investigations, or suits, any of which could result in substantial costs and divert our attention and resources. Any claims or litigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to compete effectively or to obtain adequate insurance in the future. See Note 20, “Commitments and Contingencies” within the Consolidated Financial Statements within Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information regarding our active legal matters. Our failure to protect our intellectual property rights, or allegations that we have infringed on the intellectual property rights of others, could harm our reputation, ability to compete effectively and financial condition. To protect our intellectual property rights, we rely on a combination of trademark laws, copyright laws, patent laws, trade secret protection, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements with our affiliates, employees, clients, strategic partners and others. However, the protective steps that we take may be inadequate to deter misappropriation of our proprietary info