Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business involves a high degree of risk. Our ownership interest in oil and natural gas properties consists of non-operated working, revenue, and/or royalty interests. We do not operate any of our oil and natural gas properties nor do we do have any employees or contractors in the field. Our risks associated with oil and natural gas operations affect us indirectly through our ownership in non-operated working interests where we proportionately share in the costs and liabilities of operating such properties. If any of the following risks, or any risk described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, actually occurs, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could suffer. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not presently known to us or which we currently consider to be immaterial also may adversely affect us. Risks Related to Our Business: A substantial or extended decline in oil, natural gas and NGL prices may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to meet our capital expenditure obligations and financial commitments. The price we receive for our oil, natural gas and NGLs significantly influences our revenue, profitability, access to capital, capital spending, and future rate of growth. At June 30, 2025, approximately 39% of our proved reserves were oil reserves, 45% were natural gas and 16% were NGLs. Oil, natural gas and NGLs are commodities and their prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in supply and demand. Historically, the markets for oil, natural gas, and NGLs have been volatile and these markets will likely continue to be volatile in the future. The prices we receive for our production depend on numerous factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to the following: ● changes in global supply and demand for oil and natural gas; ● worldwide and regional economic conditions impacting the global supply and demand for oil and natural gas; ● social unrest, political instability or armed conflict in major oil and natural gas producing regions outside the United States, such as the conflict between Ukraine and Russia and the conflict in the Middle East, and acts of terrorism or sabotage; ● the ability and willingness of the members of OPEC+ to agree and maintain oil price and production controls; ● the price and quantity of imports of foreign oil and natural gas; ● energy transition away from hydrocarbons in response to governmental, scientific, and public concern over the threat of climate change arising from greenhouse gas emissions; ● the relative strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar compared to other currencies; ● the level of global oil and natural gas exploration and production; ● the level of global oil and natural gas inventories; ● localized supply and demand fundamentals of regional, domestic, and international transportation availability; ● weather conditions, natural disasters, and seasonal trends; ● domestic and foreign governmental regulations, including embargoes, sanctions, tariffs, and environmental regulations; ● speculation as to the future price of oil and the speculative trading of oil and natural gas futures contracts; ● price and availability of competitors’ supplies of oil and natural gas; ● technological advances affecting energy consumption; and ● the price, availability and use of alternative fuels. Substantially all of our production is sold to purchasers under short-term (less than 12-month) contracts at market-based prices. A decline in oil, natural gas, and NGL prices will reduce our cash flows, borrowing ability, the present value of our reserves, and our ability to develop future reserves. We may be unable to obtain the needed capital or financing on 17 
 Table of Contents satisfactory terms. Low oil, natural gas, and NGL prices may also reduce the amount of oil, natural gas, and NGL that we can produce economically, which could lead to a decline in our oil, natural gas and NGL reserves. Generally, we hedge substantially less than all of our anticipated oil and natural gas production and typically limited to what is required by our Senior Secured Credit Facility. To the extent that we have not hedged production, any significant and extended decline in oil, natural gas, and NGL prices may adversely affect our financial position. Our existing developed oil, natural gas and NGL production will decline; we may be unable to acquire or develop the additional oil and natural gas reserves that are required in order to sustain our production and business operations. The volume of production from developed oil, natural gas, and NGL properties declines as reserves are depleted, with the rate of decline depending on reservoir characteristics. Environmental issues, operating problems, or lack of extended future investment in any of our properties would cause our net production of oil, natural gas, and NGLs to decline significantly over time, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. The types of resources we focus on have substantial operational risks. Besides our royalty and mineral interest, our business plan focuses on the acquisition and development of known resources in partially depleted, naturally fractured, or low permeability reservoirs. Our TexMex, Chaveroo Field, Hamilton Dome Field and Delhi Field properties produce from relatively shallow reservoirs, while our SCOOP/STACK, Jonah Field, Williston Basin and Barnett Shale properties produce from deeper reservoirs. Shallower reservoirs usually have lower pressure, which generally translates into lower reserves volumes in place. Deeper reservoirs have higher pressures and usually more reserves volumes in place, but capturing those reserves often comes at increased drilling and completion costs and risks and, generally, a higher rate of initial production decline. Low permeability reservoirs require substantial stimulation for development of commercial production. Naturally fractured reservoirs require penetration of sufficient un-depleted fractures to establish commercial production. Depleted reservoirs require successful application of newer, or more expensive, technologies to produce incremental reserves. Our approach on the development and application of technologies on these different types of reservoirs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. The CO 2 -EOR project in the Delhi Field, operated by Denbury, a subsidiary of ExxonMobil, requires significant amounts of CO 2 reserves, development capital, and technical expertise, the sources of which to date have been committed by the operator. The operator’s failure to manage these and other technical, environmental, operational, strategic, financial, and logistical risks may ultimately cause enhanced recoveries from the planned CO 2 -EOR project to fall short of our expectations in volume and/or timing. Such occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We have limited control over the activities on our oil and natural gas properties which we do not operate. All of our proved undeveloped oil and natural gas properties, consisting both of working interests and mineral and royalty interests, are operated by third-parties. The development and production of our proved undeveloped reserves depend on the decisions and actions of third-party operators, over which we have limited or no control, and their decisions may not be in our best interests. We have limited ability to influence or control the amount or timing of capital or other expenditures that we will be required to fund with respect to such properties. Developing these reserves requires significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations, and our third-party operators may determine not to develop particular locations or may delay, modify or otherwise alter their development plans for reasons beyond our control. As a result, our proved undeveloped reserves may not be developed or produced as anticipated, or at all. Any delays or changes in development and production by our third-party operators could result in significant fluctuation in the timing and amount of revenues generated by our oil and natural gas properties. Moreover, we are dependent on the other working interest owners of such projects to fund their contractual share of the capital expenditures of such projects. These limitations and our dependence on the operator and other working interest owners for these projects could cause us to incur unexpected future costs, result in lower production, and materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 18 
 Table of Contents We will be subject to risks in connection with acquisitions. We periodically evaluate acquisitions of reserves, properties, prospects, leaseholds, and other strategic transactions that appear to fit within our overall business strategy. The successful acquisition of producing properties requires an assessment of several factors, including, but not limited to: ● recoverable reserves; ● future oil, natural gas, and NGL prices and their appropriate differentials; ● development and operating costs; ● potential for future drilling and production; ● validity of the seller’s title to properties, which may be less than expected at closing; and ● potential environmental issues, litigation, and other liabilities. The accuracy of these assessments is inherently uncertain. In connection with these assessments, we perform a review of the subject properties that we believe to be generally consistent with industry practices. Our review will not reveal all existing or potential problems nor will it permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties to fully assess their deficiencies and potential recoverable reserves. Inspections may not always be performed on every well, and environmental problems are not necessarily observable at the ground surface or otherwise when an inspection is performed. Even when problems are identified, the seller may be unwilling or unable to provide effective contractual protection against all or part of the problems. Moreover, in the event of such an acquisition, there is a risk that we could ultimately be liable for unknown obligations related to acquisitions and, importantly, that our assumptions regarding future oil and natural gas prices, differentials, reserves, or production could prove materially inaccurate and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Our inability to complete acquisitions at our historical rate and at appropriate prices that support our long-term strategy could negatively impact our growth rate and stock price. One of our key strategies is growth through acquisition of low decline, long-life oil and natural gas properties. Our ability to grow revenues, earnings and cash flow at or above our historic rates depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate oil and natural gas properties at appropriate prices, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy. We may not be able to consummate acquisitions at rates similar to the past, which could adversely impact our growth rate, our stock price, and our ability to maintain our dividends. Acquisitions are difficult to identify and complete for a number of reasons, including high valuations, competition among prospective buyers or investors, the availability of affordable funding in the capital markets and the need to satisfy applicable closing conditions. We may encounter difficulties integrating newly acquired oil and natural gas properties or businesses. Increasing our reserve base through acquisitions has been an important part of our business strategy. We may encounter difficulties integrating newly acquired oil and natural gas properties or businesses. In particular, we may face significant challenges in consolidating functions and integrating procedures, personnel, and business operations in an effective manner. The failure to successfully integrate such properties or businesses into our Company may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any acquisition we make may involve numerous risks, including: ● a significant increase in our indebtedness and working capital requirements; ● the inability to timely and effectively integrate the operations of recently acquired businesses or assets; ● the incurrence of substantial costs to address unforeseen environmental and other liabilities arising out of the acquired businesses or assets; ● liabilities arising from the operation of the acquired businesses or assets before our acquisition; ● our lack of drilling or operational history in the areas in which the acquired business operates; ● customer or key employee loss from the acquired business; ● increased administration of new personnel; ● additional costs due to increased scope and complexity of our business; ● potential disruption of our ongoing business; and 19 
 Table of Contents ● assumptions made on estimated development by the operator may not be accurate or may change. Additionally, significant acquisitions can change the nature of our operations and business depending upon the character of the acquired properties, which may have substantially different operating and geological characteristics or be in different geographic locations than our existing properties. To the extent that we acquire properties substantially different from the properties we currently own or that require different technical expertise, we may not be able to realize the economic benefits of these acquisitions as effectively as with acquisitions within our current footprint and expertise. We may not be successful in addressing these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with any acquisition we may make. Oil and natural gas development, re-completion of wells from one reservoir to another reservoir, restoring wells to production, and drilling and completing new wells are speculative activities which involve numerous risks and substantial uncertain costs. Our growth will be partially dependent upon the success of future development programs on our properties. Drilling for oil and natural gas and extracting NGLs and re-working existing wells involve numerous risks. The cost of drilling, completing, and operating wells is substantial and uncertain; drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed, or canceled as a result of a variety of factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to: ● unexpected drilling conditions; ● pressure fluctuations or irregularities in reservoir formations; ● equipment failures or accidents; ● well blowouts and other releases of hazardous materials; ● inability to obtain or maintain leases on economic terms, where applicable; ● the cost and availability of goods and services, such as drilling rigs, fracture stimulation services, and tubulars; ● adverse weather conditions; ● compliance with governmental requirements; and ● shortages or delays in the availability of drilling rigs or crews and the delivery of equipment. Drilling or re-working is a highly speculative activity. Even when fully and correctly utilized, modern well completion and production techniques, such as Horizontal Drilling or CO 2 injection, do not guarantee that we will find and produce oil, natural gas and/or NGLs in economic quantities. Our future drilling, completion and production activities may not be successful and, if unsuccessful, such failure would have an adverse effect on our future results of operations and financial condition. We may also identify and develop prospects through a number of methods, some of which may include Horizontal Drilling or tertiary injectants, and some of which may be unproven. The drilling and results for these prospects may be particularly uncertain. We cannot ensure that these projects can be successfully developed or that wells will, if drilled, encounter reservoirs of commercially productive oil or natural gas. Our oil and natural gas reserves are only estimates and may prove to be inaccurate. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating oil and natural gas reserves and their estimated values. Our reserves are only estimates that may prove to be inaccurate because of these inherent uncertainties. Reservoir engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot always be measured in an exact manner. Estimates of economically recoverable oil and natural gas reserves depend upon a number of variable factors. These factors include historical production from the area compared with production from other comparable producing areas, assumptions concerning effects of regulations by governmental agencies, future oil, natural gas, and NGL product prices, future operating costs, severance and excise taxes, development costs, workover costs, and remedial costs. Some or all of these assumptions utilized in estimating reserve volumes may vary considerably from actual results. For these reasons, estimates of the economically recoverable quantities of reserves, classifications of such reserves based on risk of recovery, and estimates of the future net cash flows expected from reserves may vary substantially depending on the timing and different engineers preparing reserves estimates. 20 
 Table of Contents Accordingly, reserve estimates may be subject to downward or upward adjustments. Actual production, revenue, and expenditures with respect to our reserves will likely vary from estimates; such variances may be material. The information regarding discounted future net cash flows included in this report should not be considered as the current market value of the estimated oil and natural gas reserves attributable to our properties. The estimated discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves are based on the 12-month average price, calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the 12-month period prior to the end of the reporting period, and costs as of the date of the estimate, while actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower. Actual future net cash flows also will be affected by factors such as the amount and timing of actual production, supply and demand for oil and natural gas, increases or decreases in consumption, and changes in governmental regulations or taxation. In addition, the 10% discount factor, which is required by the SEC to be used in calculating discounted future net cash flows for reporting purposes, is not necessarily the most appropriate discount factor. Interest rates in effect vary from time to time based on risks associated with us or the oil and natural gas industry in general. The Standardized Measure does not necessarily correspond to market value. Regulatory and accounting requirements may require substantial reductions in reporting proven reserves. On a periodic basis, we review the carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties under the applicable rules of various regulatory agencies, including the SEC. Under the full cost method of accounting that we use, the after-tax carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties may not exceed the present value of estimated future net after-tax cash flows from proved reserves, discounted at 10%. Application of this “ceiling” test requires pricing future revenues at the previous 12-month average beginning-of-month price and requires a write-down of the carrying value for accounting purposes if the ceiling is exceeded. We may in the future be required to write down the carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties when oil and natural gas prices are depressed or unusually volatile. Whether we will be required to take such a charge will depend in part on the prices of oil and natural gas during the previous period and the effect of reserve additions or revisions and capital expenditures during such period. If a write-down is required, it would result in a current charge to our earnings but would not impact our current cash flow from operating activities. A large write-down could adversely affect our compliance with the current financial covenants under our Senior Secured Credit Facility, could limit our access to future borrowings under that facility, or require repayment of any amounts that might be outstanding at the time. Our derivative activities could result in financial losses or could reduce our income. Under the terms of our Senior Secured Credit Facility, we are required to hedge a certain portion of our anticipated oil and natural gas production for future periods when we reach a defined utilization percentage. We may also elect to hedge additional production volumes from time to time based upon our view of the attractiveness of commodity futures and the risks that downward price fluctuations might pose to our business plans. When we engage in hedging transactions, we may utilize costless collars, fixed price swaps or purchased floors to cost-effectively provide us with some protection against price changes. We have not historically designated any of our derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes and record all derivative instruments on our balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of our derivative instruments are recognized in earnings. Accordingly, our earnings may fluctuate significantly as a result of changes in the fair value of our future derivative instruments. Derivative arrangements may also expose us to the risk of financial loss in some circumstances, including, but not limited to, if: ● actual production is less than the volume covered by the derivative instruments; ● the counterparty to the derivative instrument defaults on its contract obligations; or ● there is a change in the expected differential between the underlying price in the derivative instrument and actual price received. In addition, in a rising commodity price environment, derivative arrangements may limit the extent to which we might benefit from increases in prices of oil and natural gas and may expose us to cash margin requirements. 21 
 Table of Contents Operations to develop and produce oil and natural gas reserves and our growth plans require significant amounts of capital and our ability to access additional capital at acceptable costs is important if we are to fund our development, grow our reserves and production and execute our growth plans. Cash flow from our production varies based on commodity prices and may decline along with natural declines in our production. As a consequence, our cash flow may not be sufficient to fund our ongoing or planned activities at all times. From time to time, we may require additional financing in order to fund operations, acquisitions, exploitation, and development activities. We have, for instance, accessed our Senior Secured Credit Facility on a routine basis, including, recently, to fund acquisitions. Subsequent to our Permian Minerals Acquisition in August 2026, Louisiana Minerals acquisitions in December 2025 through June 2026, SCOOP/STACK Minerals Acquisition in August 2025, TexMex Acquisition in April 2025, and the SCOOP/STACK Acquisitions in 2024, the borrowings outstanding on our Senior Secured Credit Facility at September 16, 2026 was $60.0 million. Our syndicated Senior Secured Credit Facility had a commitment size of $65.0 million at June 30, 2026; but in accordance with our letter agreement with MidFirst on August 20, 2026 our syndicated Senior Secured Credit Facility currently has an increased commitment size of $73.0 million until October 20, 2026 when it reverts back to $65.0 million, unless redetermined in accordance with the terms of our credit agreement. We may not be able to further increase the total commitments by adding additional lenders in the future on terms that are favorable to us. Further, the size of our Senior Secured Credit Facility is influenced by many factors, including our production, reserves and prevailing views on future commodity prices, and it may decrease based on developments negatively impacting those and other factors. While ordinarily positive developments in such factors might increase the amount that lenders are willing to lend to us, we are currently at the limit of our two lenders to increase the size of our Senior Secured Credit Facility due to limitations that the lenders have on the loans they may extend to a single borrower. Additionally, access to debt and equity capital markets or other alternatives may also prove unavailable or unattractive at such times or in such amounts as we may require. If we are unable to access adequate capital at acceptable costs, it could adversely affect our ability to expend the necessary capital to replace our reserves, maintain our production and execute our business plans. Government regulation and liability for oil and natural gas operations and environmental matters may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Oil and natural gas operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local government regulations, which may change from time to time. Matters subject to regulation include discharge permits for drilling operations, drilling bonds, reports concerning operations, the spacing of wells, unitization and pooling of properties, and taxation. From time to time, regulatory agencies have imposed price controls and limitations on production by restricting the rate of flow of oil and natural gas from wells below actual production capacity in order to conserve supplies of oil and natural gas. There are federal, state, and local laws and regulations addressing protection of human health and the environment that apply to the development, production, handling, storage, and transportation of oil, natural gas, and their by-products; the disposal of related wastes; the emission of CO 2 , methane, and other greenhouse gases; the emission of volatile organic compounds; and the management of other substances and materials released, produced or used in connection with oil and natural gas operations. These laws and regulations may affect the costs, manner, and feasibility of operations by, among other things, requiring us to make significant expenditures in order to comply and restricting the areas available for oil and gas production. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in substantial liabilities to third-parties or governmental entities. In addition, we may be liable for significant environmental damages and cleanup costs, without regard to fault, for releases of hazardous materials on or from property we own or operate, even if we did not cause or contribute to the release. We are also subject to changing and extensive tax laws, the effects of which cannot be predicted. The implementation of new, or the modification of existing, laws or regulations, could have a material adverse effect on us, such as by imposing new emission controls, penalties, fines and/or fees, taxes and tariffs on carbon that could have the effect of raising prices to the end user and thereby reducing the demand for our products. 22 
 Table of Contents The risks arising out of the threat of climate change, including transition risks and physical risks, may adversely affect our business and results of operations. The threat of climate change poses both transition risks and physical risks that could have a material adverse effect on us. Transition risks may arise from political and regulatory, legal, technological or financial changes as society tries to safeguard the climate, while physical risks may result from extreme weather events or other shifts in the natural world. We have been facing increased political and regulatory risks as federal, state and local governments have adopted new measures to restrict sources of greenhouse gas emissions and promote energy alternatives, including the final EPA rule announced in December 2023 to reduce the emission of methane from oil and gas facilities. Many such measures have been proposed, and still more can be expected. From time to time, there are proposals to ban hydraulic fracturing of oil and natural gas wells and to remove more lands, both onshore and offshore, from new hydrocarbon production. Many other actions could be pursued such as more rigorous requirements for drilling and construction permits, stricter greenhouse gas emissions standards for both new and existing sources, further limits on construction of new pipelines, reinstatement of the ban on oil exports, enhanced reporting obligations, taxing carbon emissions and creating further incentives for use of alternative energy sources. These actions may cause operational delays or restrictions, increased operating costs and additional regulatory burdens. Litigation risks are also increasing for oil and natural gas companies. A number of suits alleging, among other things, that oil and natural gas companies created public nuisances by producing fuels that contributed to climate change have been brought in state or federal court. Technological changes may drive market demand for products other than oil and natural gas. Wider adoption of hybrid engines and electric cars, for example, would reduce demand for our products. At the same time, our capital and operating costs may increase if we need to add new emission reduction technologies. There are also financial risks for the petroleum industry. It may become more difficult for us to access the capital markets if the threat of climate change discourages new investment. Institutional lenders who provide financing to fossil-fuel energy companies also have become more attentive to sustainable lending practices, and some of them may elect not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies. Limitation of investments in and financings for the energy industry could result in the restriction, delay or cancellation of drilling programs or development or production activities. The threat of climate change also may subject oil and natural gas operations and our business to severe weather or other natural hazards, such as flooding, drought, wildfires, and extreme temperatures. Any such event could halt production or exploration activities, damage equipment, disrupt transportation, reduce consumer demand and significantly increase our costs. Poor general economic, business, or industry conditions may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and access to capital. During the last few years, concerns over inflation, energy costs, volatile oil, natural gas, and NGL prices, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, the United States mortgage market, uncertainties with regard to European sovereign debt, the slowdown in economic growth in large emerging and developing markets, such as China, regional or worldwide increases in tariffs or other trade restrictions, and other issues have contributed to increased economic uncertainty and diminished expectations for the global economy. Concerns about global economic conditions have had a significant adverse impact on domestic and international financial markets and commodity prices. If uncertain or poor economic, business, or industry conditions in the United States or abroad remain prolonged, demand for petroleum products could diminish or stagnate, and production costs could increase. These situations have led to commodity price volatility and impact the price at which we can sell our oil, natural gas, and NGLs. Any sustained declines in crude oil, natural gas and NGL prices could affect our revenues, our operators ability to continue operations, and ultimately adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 23 
 Table of Contents Events outside of our control, including a pandemic or broad outbreak of an infectious disease, such as the global outbreak of a novel strain of the coronavirus (“COVID-19”), may materially adversely affect our business. We face risks related to pandemics, outbreaks, or other public health events that are outside of our control and could significantly disrupt our operators’ operations and adversely affect our financial condition. In December 2019, COVID-19 was identified in Wuhan, China and rapidly spread around the world. This virus and its variants, and governmental actions to contain it, had material adverse economic impacts globally. These and other actions, among other things, impacted the ability of our employees and contractors to perform their duties, caused increased technology and security risk due to extended and company-wide telecommuting, and led to disruptions in our permitting activities and critical business relationships, and could do so in the future should another similar public health event occur. Additionally, governmental restrictions intended to contain COVID-19 or future pandemics have in the past, and may in the future, significantly impact economic activity and markets and dramatically reduce actual or anticipated demand for oil and natural gas, adversely impacting the prices we receive for our production. The severity and duration of any such events are uncertain and difficult to predict, as is the extent that such events may have on our business. Our business could be negatively affected by security threats. A cyber-attack or similar incident could occur and result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption, damage to our reputation, and/or financial loss. The oil and natural gas industry has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct certain exploration, development, production, processing, and financial activities. We depend on digital technology to estimate quantities of oil and natural gas reserves, manage operations, process and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and drilling information, and communicate with our employees and third-party operators. Our technologies, systems, networks, seismic data, reserves information, or other proprietary information, and those of our operators, vendors, suppliers, customers, and other business partners may become the target of cyber-attacks or information security breaches. Cyber-attacks or information security breaches could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary and other information, or could otherwise lead to the disruption of our business operations or other operational disruptions in our exploration or production operations. Cyber-attacks, particularly amidst the increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies, are becoming more sophisticated and include, but are not limited to, ransomware, credential stuffing, spear phishing, social engineering, use of deepfakes (i.e., highly realistic synthetic media generated by artificial intelligence) and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to data for purposes of extortion or other malfeasance. In addition, certain cyber incidents, such as surveillance, may remain undetected for an extended period. Any such attacks could lead to disruptions in critical systems or the unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information. These events could lead to financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business, disruption of operations, damage to our reputation, or potential liability. Also, computers control nearly all of the oil and natural gas distribution systems in the United States and abroad. Computers are necessary to transport our oil and natural gas production to market. A cyber-attack directed at oil and natural gas distribution systems could damage critical distribution and storage assets or the environment, delay or prevent delivery of production to markets and make it difficult or impossible to accurately account for production and settle transactions. Cyber incidents have increased, and the United States government has issued warnings indicating that energy assets may be specific targets of cybersecurity threats. Our systems and insurance coverage for protecting against cybersecurity risks may not be sufficient. Further, as cyber-attacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cyber-attacks. Our insurance may not protect us against all of the operating risks to which our business is exposed. The oil and natural gas business involves numerous operating hazards such as well blowouts, mechanical failures, explosions, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas, or well fluids, fires, formations with abnormal pressures, hurricanes and storms, flooding, pollution, releases of toxic gas, and other environmental hazards and risks, which can result in (1) damage to or destruction of wells and/or production facilities, (2) damage to or destruction of formations, (3) injury to persons, (4) loss of life, or (5) damage to property, the environment or natural resources. While we carry general liability, control of well, and operator’s extra expense coverage typical in our industry, we are not fully insured against all risks incidental to our business. Should we experience any losses, the costs of our premiums may rise, which could in turn reduce the amount of insurance we are able to carry. 24 
 Table of Contents The loss of key personnel could adversely affect us. We depend to a large extent on the services of certain key management personnel, including our executive officers. The loss of one or more key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our operations. In particular, our future success is dependent upon the abilities of our executive officers to source, evaluate, and close deals, raise capital, and oversee our development activities and operations. Presently, we are not a beneficiary of any key man life insurance. Oilfield service and materials prices may increase, and the availability of such services and materials may be inadequate to meet our needs. Our business plan to develop or redevelop oil and natural gas resources requires third-party oilfield service vendors and various material providers, which we do not control. We also rely on third-party carriers for the transportation and distribution of our oil and natural gas production. As our production increases, so does our need for such services and materials. Generally, we do not have long-term agreements with our service and materials providers. Accordingly, there is a risk that any of our service providers could discontinue providing services for any reason or we may not be able to source the services or materials we need. Any delay in locating, establishing relationships, and training our sources could result in production shortages and maintenance problems, resulting in loss of revenue to us. In addition, if costs for such services and materials increase, it may render certain or all of our projects uneconomic, as compared to the earlier prices we may have assumed when deciding to redevelop newly purchased or existing properties. Further adverse economic outcomes may result from the long lead times often necessary to execute and complete our redevelopment plans. We may assume risks and financial responsibility for drilling and completing wells at our Chaveroo Field and Williston Basin properties if our third-party operator declines to drill wells and it or other joint interest owners elect not to participate. As discussed elsewhere in this report, pursuant to agreements related to our interests in the Chaveroo Field and Williston Basin properties, we have the ability to propose to the operator a drilling plan for certain wells, which the operator may accept or reject. In the event the operator rejects our proposed drilling plan, we have the right to undertake all necessary activities to drill and complete the wells and related facilities in accordance with our proposed drilling plan. In the event we undertake to do so, and the operator and other joint interest owners elect not to participate, we will bear the entire liability and expense associated with drilling and completing the wells and related facilities, subject only to our right to recoup costs incurred on behalf of non-participating joint interest owners to the extent a well generates sufficient revenues to do so. We thus may be required to bear a share of such expenses to an extent that is disproportionate to our economic interest in the property. If we elect to proceed to drill and complete wells we have proposed and the operator has rejected, we also will bear many of the other risks highlighted elsewhere herein, including, without limitation, failing to find economic quantities of oil and natural gas, drilling accidents, potential environmental liabilities, unavailability of insurance at a reasonable cost to cover associated liabilities, and price increases and delivery delays for required drilling and completion equipment, products and services. Ongoing operations of any wells we elect to drill will be turned over to the operator of the property upon completion. We cannot market the oil and natural gas that we produce without the assistance of third parties. The marketability of the oil and natural gas that we produce depends upon the proximity of our reserves and production to, and the capacity of, facilities and third-party services, including oil and natural gas gathering systems, pipelines, trucking or terminal facilities, and processing facilities necessary to make the products marketable for end use. The unavailability or lack of capacity of such s